title,synopsis,date_published,rating_count,reviews_count,genres,link,Book Id
Final Offer,"CallahanI’m the Kane brother everyone gossips about behind closed doors. Trust fund brat. Washed-up athlete. High-functioning alcoholic.No one knows the real me but her. Lana Castillo—my childhood best friend and the only woman I ever loved. When I broke her heart six years ago, I promised to never return to Lake Wisteria. I kept my word until my grandfather’s will changed everything. To receive my inheritance, I was tasked with spending a summer at the family lake house before selling it. The request was simple in theory until my entire plan blew up on the very first day. Turns out Lana doesn’t just live at the house, but she claims to own it, too. AlanaFalling in love with Callahan Kane was a mistake. He told me so before destroying my heart and our friendship six summers ago. When he promised never to come back, I foolishly believed him. But then Cal showed up again, intending to sell his grandfather’s lake house. The biggest flaw in his plan? My name is on the deed.","January 31, 2023",143013,16929,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61681786,61681786
My Dark Romeo,"My fairy tale turned into a cautionary one.Inked in tar and sealed in tears.From Wall Street Journal bestsellers L.J. Shen and Parker S. Huntington comes an explosive marriage of inconvenience...between a tarnished Romeo and a reluctant Juliet. It was supposed to be a harmless kiss at a lavish debutante ball.A clandestine moment with a handsome stranger.But unlike his namesake, my Romeo isn’t driven by love.He’s fueled by revenge.To him, I’m a chess piece. Leverage.His rival’s betrothed.To me, he is a man deserving of poison.A dark prince I refuse to marry.He thinks I’ll accept my fate.Well, I plan to rewrite it.And in my story, Juliet doesn’t die.But Romeo? He perishes.Authors’ Notes: My Dark Romeo is a standalone reluctant arranged marriage romance between a cruel billionaire heir and a feisty heiress unafraid to fight back. It is set in the decadent Dark Prince Road world.","Published March 1, 2023",40640,4627,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Dark', 'Adult', 'Retellings', 'Fantasy']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/123008168,123008168
Happy Place,"Harriet and Wyn have been the perfect couple since they met in college—they go together like salt and pepper, honey and tea, lobster and rolls. Except, now—for reasons they’re still not discussing—they don’t.They broke up six months ago. And still haven’t told their best friends.Which is how they find themselves sharing the largest bedroom at the Maine cottage that has been their friend group’s yearly getaway for the last decade. Their annual respite from the world, where for one vibrant, blue week they leave behind their daily lives; have copious amounts of cheese, wine, and seafood; and soak up the salty coastal air with the people who understand them most.Only this year, Harriet and Wyn are lying through their teeth while trying not to notice how desperately they still want each other. Because the cottage is for sale and this is the last week they’ll all have together in this place. They can’t stand to break their friends’ hearts, and so they’ll play their parts. Harriet will be the driven surgical resident who never starts a fight, and Wyn will be the laid-back charmer who never lets the cracks show. It’s a flawless plan (if you look at it from a great distance and through a pair of sunscreen-smeared sunglasses). After years of being in love, how hard can it be to fake it for one week… in front of those who know you best?A couple who broke up months ago make a pact to pretend to still be together for their annual weeklong vacation with their best friends in this glittering and wise new novel from #1 New York Times bestselling author Emily Henry.","April 25, 2023",479512,64652,"['Romance', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61718053,61718053
The Last Thing He Told Me,"Alternate cover editions of ISBN 9781501171345 can be found here and here.A woman searching for the truth about her husband’s disappearance…at any cost.Before Owen Michaels disappears, he manages to smuggle a note to his beloved wife of one year: Protect her. Despite her confusion and fear, Hannah Hall knows exactly to whom the note refers: Owen’s sixteen-year-old daughter, Bailey. Bailey, who lost her mother tragically as a child. Bailey, who wants absolutely nothing to do with her new stepmother.As Hannah’s increasingly desperate calls to Owen go unanswered; as the FBI arrests Owen’s boss; as a US Marshal and FBI agents arrive at her Sausalito home unannounced, Hannah quickly realizes her husband isn’t who he said he was. And that Bailey just may hold the key to figuring out Owen’s true identity—and why he really disappeared.Hannah and Bailey set out to discover the truth, together. But as they start putting together the pieces of Owen’s past, they soon realize they are also building a new future. One neither Hannah nor Bailey could have anticipated.","May 4, 2021",837608,56740,"['Mystery', 'Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Audiobook', 'Mystery Thriller', 'Suspense', 'Contemporary']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54981009,54981009
Until You,"A single dad, forced proximity, standalone romance from New York Times bestselling author K. Bromberg.Crew Madden needs to find a place to recover.For his twin girls.For himself.From the woman who left them without a backward glance.Recovering from a traumatic event, a summer in the small town of Redemption Falls was the perfect solution for him. For his family. The only drawback? The rental cottage at the end of the drive.But then he met its tenant.The quiet, guarded, sexy-as-sin woman who took Crew’s breath away.---Tennyson West moved to Redemption Falls to hide.From her previous world of abundance.From the woman she used to be.For a chance to start over . . . and be free.She’s settled into her new life on the outskirts of a small town, content with her solitude. Her peaceful life.And then she met her new landlord.Crew Madden—and his sweet daughters—entered her life with a bang. She learned how to laugh again, to love again, something she never thought would be possible.It was only meant to be a summer fling, but as demons from their past knocked on the door, their relationship was tested. Was their love strong enough to keep them together or would danger drive them apart for good?","Published February 23, 2023",5603,613,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Romantic Suspense', 'Suspense', 'Audiobook', 'Drama']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/71641873,71641873
Out of Love,Conspiracies. Corruption. Serial killers.You name it—I'm fascinated by it. My mom always blamed my overly curious and highly suspicious mind on my dad.My incredibly overbearing dad.Mr. No One Is Good Enough For My Daughter has been terrifying my dates since I turned fifteen.College is my chance to be free from his control and date any guy I want. I'm absolutely certain he would hate Slade Wylder—almost as certain as I am that I do too.Since when have I shied away from trouble? Slade fascinates me. He lives in a house I'm certain is haunted. His dog is trained as well as any guard I've ever seen. Rumor on campus is that he deals drugs. It would explain a lot.But it doesn't explain why he saves me from my darkest moment.It doesn't explain why I can't stop thinking about him.And the explanation I finally discover is far more dangerous than any rumor.,"September 27, 2020",9072,1307,"['Romance', 'College', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Romantic Suspense', 'New Adult', 'Dark']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50628479,50628479
Show Me the Way,"The first sexy, captivating, stand-alone novel in the brand-new FIGHT FOR ME series from NYT & USA Today Bestselling Author A.L. Jackson . . . Rex Gunner. As bitter as he is beautiful. The owner of the largest construction company in Gingham Lakes has been burned one too many times.His wife leaving him to raise their daughter was the last blow this single dad could take.The only woman he'll let into his heart is his little girl. Rynna Dayne. As vulnerable as she is tempting.She ran from Gingham Lakes when she was seventeen. She swore to herself she would never return.Then her grandmother passed away and left her the deed to the diner that she once loved.When Rex meets his new neighbor, he knows he's in trouble.She's gorgeous and sweet and everything he can't trust.Until she becomes the one thing he can't resist. One kiss sends them tumbling toward ecstasy.But in a town this size, pasts are bound to collide.Caught in a web of lies, betrayal, and disloyalty, Rex must make a choice. Will he hide behind his walls or will he take the chance . . .","September 6, 2017",14506,1570,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Suspense']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36489310,36489310
Hello Beautiful,"An emotionally layered and engrossing story of a family that asks: Can love make a broken person whole?William Waters grew up in a house silenced by tragedy, where his parents could hardly bear to look at him, much less love him. So it’s a relief when his skill on the basketball court earns him a scholarship to college, far away from his childhood home. He soon meets Julia Padavano, a spirited and ambitious young woman who surprises William with her appreciation of his quiet steadiness. With Julia comes her family; she is inseparable from her three younger sisters: Sylvie, the dreamer, is happiest with her nose in a book and imagines a future different from the expected path of wife and mother; Cecelia, the family’s artist; and Emeline, who patiently takes care of all of them. Happily, the Padavanos fold Julia’s new boyfriend into their loving, chaotic household.But then darkness from William’s past surfaces, jeopardizing not only Julia’s carefully orchestrated plans for their future, but the sisters’ unshakeable loyalty to one another. The result is a catastrophic family rift that changes their lives for generations. Will the loyalty that once rooted them be strong enough to draw them back together when it matters most?Vibrating with tenderness, Hello Beautiful is a gorgeous, profoundly moving portrait of what’s possible when we choose to love someone not in spite of who they are, but because of it.","March 14, 2023",136885,13836,"['Fiction', 'Historical Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'Literary Fiction', 'Romance', 'Family']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61771675,61771675
When Gracie Met the Grump,"Of all the things that could have landed in her yard… it had to be him.For most people, finding a half-naked superbeing in their yard might be a dream come true. Unfortunately for Gracie Castro, it’s the exact opposite. Especially when he’s grouchy, rude, and shows no signs of leaving anytime soon. But when a hero of mankind needs you, you do what you have to.Even if it compromises everything you know.And totally changes your life.","September 15, 2022",26161,3982,"['Romance', 'Fantasy', 'Paranormal', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Science Fiction', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/62603994,62603994
Twisted," She's his diamond in the rough. He's her worst nightmare. Yasmin Karam, daughter to one of the richest men in the world, has never known strife. So, when her beloved father falls ill, she's determined to make his final days his happiest. His last wish? To see her married to a man of his choosing. Except Yasmin's heart already belongs to someone else. A servant. A street rat. A man her father would never consider worthy. Stuck between a rock and a hard place, Yasmin strikes a desperate deal with her father's right-hand man, Julian, not realizing he has his own twisted agenda.Julian Faraci has one goal: become the most powerful man in the world. He's built a future from broken bones and faded bruises, never caring who he hurt along the way. But when his mentor falls ill, he finds himself on the verge of losing everything, and he'll stop at nothing to inherit what is rightfully his. Even if it means forcing a woman he can't stand into marriage.Yasmin is a brat who speaks out of turn, and he's the villain of her story. But he decides she'll be his—no matter what it takes to convince her. *Twisted is a dark, contemporary romance (not fantasy or a literal retelling) and the fourth complete standalone in the Never After series: a collection of fractured fairy tales inspired by our favorite villains. It features mature themes and content that may not be suitable for all readers. READER DISCRETION IS ADVISED.*  ","February 7, 2023",30369,3716,"['Romance', 'Fantasy', 'Dark', 'Retellings', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61434791,61434791
Strangers in the Night,"It was the tumultuous romance that scandalized the world: Frank Sinatra and Ava Gardner fought, loved, and lived life to the hilt. Now their unbridled story is brought vividly to life by Heather Webb, the bestselling author of Meet Me in Monaco and The Next Ship Home. In the golden age of Hollywood, two of the brightest stars would define--and defy--an era...She was the small-town southern beauty transformed into a Hollywood love goddess. He was the legendary crooner whose voice transfixed the world. They were Ava Gardner and Frank Sinatra. Separately they were irresistible; together they were an explosive combination.Ava's star is rising just as Frank's career--and public image as a family man--is taking a hit. Gone are the days of the screaming bobbysoxers and chart-topping hits. Ava, however, finds herself gracing the front page of every tabloid in America. Jealousy and cheating abound, and when the two succumb to their temperaments and their vices, their happiness is threatened at every turn.As the pair ride the rollercoaster of success and failure, passion and anger, they both wonder if the next turn will be the end of their careers, and most devastating of all--the end of all they've shared.A captivating novel with a star-studded cast spanning continents and decades, Strangers in the Night brings to life the most riveting love story of the twentieth century.","March 21, 2023",940,230,"['Historical Fiction', 'Romance', 'Fiction', 'Historical', 'Music', 'Audiobook', 'Love Story']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61102577,61102577
The Orphan Collector,"In the fall of 1918, thirteen-year-old German immigrant Pia Lange longs to be far from Philadelphia’s overcrowded slums and the anti-immigrant sentiment that compelled her father to enlist in the U.S. Army. But as her city celebrates the end of war, an even more urgent threat arrives: the Spanish flu. Funeral crepe and quarantine signs appear on doors as victims drop dead in the streets and desperate survivors wear white masks to ward off illness. When food runs out in the cramped tenement she calls home, Pia must venture alone into the quarantined city in search of supplies, leaving her baby brothers behind. Bernice Groves has become lost in grief and bitterness since her baby died from the Spanish flu. Watching Pia leave her brothers alone, Bernice makes a shocking, life-altering decision. It becomes her sinister mission to tear families apart when they’re at their most vulnerable, planning to transform the city’s orphans and immigrant children into what she feels are “true Americans.” Waking in a makeshift hospital days after collapsing in the street, Pia is frantic to return home. Instead, she is taken to St. Vincent’s Orphan Asylum – the first step in a long and arduous journey. As Bernice plots to keep the truth hidden at any cost in the months and years that follow, Pia must confront her own shame and fear, risking everything to see justice – and love – triumph at last. Powerful, harrowing, and ultimately exultant, The Orphan Collector is a story of love, resilience, and the lengths we will go to protect those who need us most.","July 28, 2020",39347,3690,"['Historical Fiction', 'Fiction', 'Historical', 'Mystery', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Adult Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49244342,49244342
Rich People Problems,"Kevin Kwan, bestselling author of Crazy Rich Asians and China Rich Girlfriend, is back with an uproarious new novel featuring a family driven by fortune, an ex-wife driven psychotic with jealousy, a battle royal fought through couture-gown sabotage, and the heir to one of Asia's greatest fortunes locked out of his inheritance.When Nicholas Young hears that his grandmother, Su Yi, is on her deathbed, he rushes to be by her bedside—but he's not alone. The entire Shang-Young clan has convened from all corners of the globe to stake claim to their matriarch's massive fortune. With each family member vying to inherit Tyersall Park—a trophy estate on sixty-four prime acres in the heart of Singapore—Nicholas' childhood home turns into a hotbed of backbiting and intrigue. As Su Yi's relatives fight over heirlooms, Astrid Leong is at the center of her own storm, desperately in love with her old sweetheart Charlie Wu but tormented by her ex-husband—a man hell-bent on destroying Astrid's reputation and relationship. Meanwhile, Kitty Pong, married to China's second richest man, Jack Bing, still feels upstaged by her new stepdaughter, famous fashionista Colette Bing.In this sweeping tale that takes us from the elegantly appointed mansions of Manila to the secluded private islands in the Sulu Sea, from a kidnapping at Hong Kong's most elite private school to a surprise marriage proposal at an Indian palace that is caught on camera by the telephoto lenses of paparazzi, Kevin Kwan hilariously reveals the long-buried secrets of Asia's most privileged families and their rich people problems.","May 23, 2017",161563,10618,"['Fiction', 'Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Chick Lit', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Humor']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29864343,29864343
"Hello, Sunshine","Sunshine Mackenzie has it all…until her secrets come to light. Sunshine Mackenzie is living the dream—she’s a culinary star with millions of fans, a line of #1 bestselling cookbooks, and a devoted husband happy to support her every endeavor. And then she gets hacked. When Sunshine’s secrets are revealed, her fall from grace is catastrophic. She loses the husband, her show, the fans, and her apartment. She’s forced to return to the childhood home—and the estranged sister—she’s tried hard to forget. But what Sunshine does amid the ashes of her own destruction may well save her life. In a world where celebrity is a careful construct, Hello, Sunshine is a compelling, funny, and evocative novel about what it means to live an authentic life in an inauthentic age.","July 11, 2017",19308,1893,"['Fiction', 'Chick Lit', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Adult Fiction', 'Womens Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/60285652,60285652
Every Summer After,"They say you can never go home again, and for Persephone Fraser, ever since she made the biggest mistake of her life a decade ago, that has felt too true. Instead of glittering summers on the lakeshore of her childhood, she spends them in a stylish apartment in the city, going out with friends, and keeping everyone a safe distance from her heart.Until she receives the call that sends her racing back to Barry’s Bay and into the orbit of Sam Florek—the man she never thought she’d have to live without.For six summers, through hazy afternoons on the water and warm summer nights working in his family’s restaurant and curling up together with books—medical textbooks for him and work-in-progress horror short stories for her—Percy and Sam had been inseparable. Eventually that friendship turned into something breathtakingly more, before it fell spectacularly apart. When Percy returns to the lake for Sam’s mother’s funeral, their connection is as undeniable as it had always been. But until Percy can confront the decisions she made and the years she’s spent punishing herself for them, they’ll never know whether their love might be bigger than the biggest mistakes of their past. Told over the course of six years and one weekend, Every Summer After is a big, sweeping nostalgic look at love and the people and choices that mark us forever.Six summers to fall in love. One moment to fall apart. A weekend to get it right.","May 10, 2022",430104,43871,"['Romance', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/58014893,58014893
Before We Were Strangers,"To the Green-eyed Lovebird:We met fifteen years ago, almost to the day, when I moved my stuff into the NYU dorm room next to yours at Senior House.You called us fast friends. I like to think it was more.We lived on nothing but the excitement of finding ourselves through music (you were obsessed with Jeff Buckley), photography (I couldn’t stop taking pictures of you), hanging out in Washington Square Park, and all the weird things we did to make money. I learned more about myself that year than any other.Yet, somehow, it all fell apart. We lost touch the summer after graduation when I went to South America to work for National Geographic. When I came back, you were gone. A part of me still wonders if I pushed you too hard after the wedding…I didn’t see you again until a month ago. It was a Wednesday. You were rocking back on your heels, balancing on that thick yellow line that runs along the subway platform, waiting for the F train. I didn’t know it was you until it was too late, and then you were gone. Again. You said my name; I saw it on your lips. I tried to will the train to stop, just so I could say hello.After seeing you, all of the youthful feelings and memories came flooding back to me, and now I’ve spent the better part of a month wondering what your life is like. I might be totally out of my mind, but would you like to get a drink with me and catch up on the last decade and a half?MFrom the USA TODAY bestselling author of Sweet Thing and Nowhere But Here comes a love story about a Craigslist “missed connection” post that gives two people a second chance at love fifteen years after they were separated in New York City.","August 18, 2015",93405,10535,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'College']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23309634,23309634
"Love, Theoretically","The many lives of theoretical physicist Elsie Hannaway have finally caught up with her. By day, she’s an adjunct professor, toiling away at grading labs and teaching thermodynamics in the hopes of landing tenure. By other day, Elsie makes up for her non-existent paycheck by offering her services as a fake girlfriend, tapping into her expertly honed people pleasing skills to embody whichever version of herself the client needs.Honestly, it’s a pretty sweet gig—until her carefully constructed Elsie-verse comes crashing down. Because Jack Smith, the annoyingly attractive and broody older brother of her favorite client, turns out to be the cold-hearted experimental physicist who ruined her mentor’s career and undermined the reputation of theorists everywhere. And that same Jack who now sits on the hiring committee at MIT, right between Elsie and her dream job.Elsie is prepared for an all-out war of scholarly sabotage but…those long, penetrating looks? Not having to be anything other than her true self when she’s with him? Will falling into an experimentalist’s orbit finally tempt her to put her most guarded theories on love into practice?","June 13, 2023",174828,27364,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Fiction', 'Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61326735,61326735
By a Thread,"
Dominic was staring at me like he couldn’t decide whether to chop me into pieces or pull my hair and French kiss me.
DominicI got her fired. Okay, so I’d had a bad day and took it out on a bystander in a pizza shop. But there’s nothing innocent about Ally Morales. She proves that her first day of her new job… in my office… after being hired by my mother.So maybe her colorful, annoying, inexplicably alluring personality brightens up the magazine’s offices that have felt like a prison for the past year. Maybe I like that she argues with me in front of the editorial staff. And maybe my after-hours fantasies are haunted by those brown eyes and that sharp tongue.But that doesn’t mean that I’m going to be the next Russo man to take advantage of his position. I might be a second-generation asshole, but I am not my father.She’s working herself to death at half a dozen dead-end jobs for some secret reason she doesn’t feel like sharing with me. And I’m going to fix it all. Don’t accuse me of caring. She’s nothing more than a puzzle to be solved. If I can get her to quit, I can finally peel away all those layers. Then I can go back to salvaging the family name and forget all about the dancing, beer-slinging brunette.AllyHa. Hold my beer, Grumpy Grump Face.Author’s Note: A steamy, swoony workplace romantic comedy with a grumpy boss hero determined to save the day and a plucky heroine who is starting to wonder if there might actually be a beating heart just beneath her boss’s sexy vests.","April 23, 2020",113286,9948,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'Chick Lit', 'Humor']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48677178,48677178
Desert Flower,"Waris Dirie ran away from her oppressive life in the African desert when she was barely in her teens, illiterate and impoverished, with nothing to her name but a tattered shawl. She traveled alone across the dangerous Somali desert to Mogadishu — the first leg of a remarkable journey that would take her to London, where she worked as a house servant; then to nearly every corner of the globe as an internationally renowned fashion model; and ultimately to New York City, where she became a human rights ambassador for the U.N. Desert Flower is her extraordinary story.","August 19, 1998",32629,1788,"['Nonfiction', 'Biography', 'Africa', 'Memoir', 'Feminism', 'Autobiography', 'Somalia']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8745,8745
Bright Side,"Secrets. Everyone has one. Some are bigger than others. And when secrets are revealed, Some will heal you ... And some will end you.  Kate Sedgwick’s life has been anything but typical. She’s endured hardship and tragedy, but throughout it all she remains happy and optimistic (there’s a reason her best friend Gus calls her Bright Side). Kate is strong-willed, funny, smart, and musically gifted. She’s also never believed in love. So when Kate leaves San Diego to attend college in the small town of Grant, Minnesota, the last thing she expects is to fall in love with Keller Banks.  They both feel it. But they each have a reason to fight it. They each have a secret.  And when secrets are revealed, Some will heal you … And some will end you. ","July 4, 2014",52237,8210,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Fiction', 'College', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Young Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22669832,22669832
In Love: A Memoir of Love and Loss,"This powerful memoir by New York Times bestselling author Amy Bloom is an illuminating story of two people whose love leads them to find a courageous way to part--and of a woman's struggle to go forward in the face of loss. Amy Bloom began to notice changes in her husband, Brian: He retired early from a new job he loved; he withdrew from close friendships; he talked mostly about the past. Suddenly, it seemed there was a glass wall between them, and their long walks and talks stopped. Their world was altered forever when an MRI confirmed what they could no longer ignore: Brian had Alzheimer's disease.Forced to confront the truth of the diagnosis and its impact on the future he had envisioned, Brian was determined to die on his feet, not live on his knees. Supporting each other in their last journey together, Brian and Amy made the unimaginably difficult and painful decision to go to Dignitas, an organization based in Switzerland that empowers a person to end their own life with dignity and peace.In this heartbreaking and surprising memoir, Bloom sheds light on a part of life we so often shy away from discussing--its ending. Written in Bloom's captivating, insightful voice and with her trademark wit and candor, In Love is an unforgettable portrait of a beautiful marriage, and a boundary-defying love.","March 8, 2022",18399,2367,"['Memoir', 'Nonfiction', 'Audiobook', 'Biography', 'Biography Memoir', 'Death', 'Health']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/58065372,58065372
Never Let Me Go,"Hailsham seems like a pleasant English boarding school, far from the influences of the city. Its students are well tended and supported, trained in art and literature, and become just the sort of people the world wants them to be. But, curiously, they are taught nothing of the outside world and are allowed little contact with it.Within the grounds of Hailsham, Kathy grows from schoolgirl to young woman, but it’s only when she and her friends Ruth and Tommy leave the safe grounds of the school (as they always knew they would) that they realize the full truth of what Hailsham is.Never Let Me Go breaks through the boundaries of the literary novel. It is a gripping mystery, a beautiful love story, and also a scathing critique of human arrogance and a moral examination of how we treat the vulnerable and different in our society. In exploring the themes of memory and the impact of the past, Ishiguro takes on the idea of a possible future to create his most moving and powerful book to date.","April 5, 2005",653214,48407,"['Fiction', 'Science Fiction', 'Dystopia', 'Contemporary', 'Literary Fiction', 'Romance', 'Novels']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6334,6334
Here with Me,"Ryley Clarke has grown up with the military in her blood, with both parents serving their country. Ryley knows the risks of being married to the military. But when the unthinkable happens, and her future husband is killed in action, Ryley can barely survive... until Evan's twin brother, Nate, helps her pick up the pieces.After serving on a special mission with the military for six years, Evan Archer returns home to find the unthinkable - the love of his life, Ryley Clarke - engaged to his brother, Nate. With Nate on deployment, Evan needs to figure out what happened in his absence, and more importantly, how to win Ryley back from the man he once considered his best friend, but now thinks of as his rival.","October 23, 2014",7532,883,"['Romance', 'Military Fiction', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Military Romance', 'Suspense']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18948703,18948703
Little Fires Everywhere,"Everyone in Shaker Heights was talking about it that summer: how Isabelle, the last of the Richardson children, had finally gone around the bend and burned the house down.In Shaker Heights, a placid, progressive suburb of Cleveland, everything is meticulously planned - from the layout of the winding roads, to the colours of the houses, to the successful lives its residents will go on to lead. And no one embodies this spirit more than Elena Richardson, whose guiding principle is playing by the rules.Enter Mia Warren - an enigmatic artist and single mother- who arrives in this idyllic bubble with her teenage daughter Pearl, and rents a house from the Richardsons. Soon Mia and Pearl become more than just tenants: all four Richardson children are drawn to the mother-daughter pair. But Mia carries with her a mysterious past, and a disregard for the rules that threatens to upend this carefully ordered community.When old family friends attempt to adopt a Chinese-American baby, a custody battle erupts that dramatically divides the town - and puts Mia and Elena on opposing sides. Suspicious of Mia and her motives, Elena is determined to uncover the secrets in Mia's past. But her obsession will come at an unexpected and devastating cost . . .","September 12, 2017",1114813,72738,"['Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Literary Fiction', 'Adult Fiction', 'Book Club']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34273236,34273236
Crimson River,"Lyla Eden has spent the last few years watching her siblings fall in love. Meanwhile, she’s married to her job. It’s on her hundredth consecutive workday that her sister stages an intervention, kicking Lyla out of her own coffee shop. With nothing else to do, Lyla sets out on her favorite hiking trail.It’s there that she spots a man washing blood from his hands in a stream. One moment she’s staring at the jagged scar on his face. The next, his hand is around her throat. But by some miracle, he lets her go.Shaken to her core, Lyla reports the incident to the local police. Two days later, Vance Sutter arrives in town, armed with endless questions and a tarnished badge.Vance may be ruggedly handsome but he’s as mysterious as the man he’s hunting. And he’ll be gone from Quincy in a blink. Yet Lyla’s crush is impossible to stop.No matter how hard Vance tries to ignore it, there’s no denying the chemistry between them. And avoiding Lyla is not an option. After years of chasing dead ends, she’s his only lead to closing the case that haunts his career. So together, they’ll retrace her steps.To find the scarred man she met beside a crimson river.","June 1, 2023",21572,2534,"['Romance', 'Romantic Suspense', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Suspense', 'Mystery', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/75579822,75579822
Before I Let Go,"Their love was supposed to last forever. But when life delivered blow after devastating blow, Yasmen and Josiah Wade found that love alone couldn’t solve or save everything. It couldn’t save their marriage. Yasmen wasn’t prepared for how her life fell apart, but she is finally starting to find joy again. She and Josiah have found a new rhythm, co-parenting their two kids and running a thriving business together. Yet like magnets, they’re always drawn back to each other, and now they’re beginning to wonder if they’re truly ready to let go of everything they once had. Soon, one stolen kiss leads to another…and then more. It's hot. It's illicit. It's all good—until old wounds reopen. Is it too late for them to find forever? Or could they even be better, the second time around?Award-winning and bestselling ""powerhouse"" author Kennedy Ryan is at her absolute best in this compelling, scorching novel about hope and healing, and what it truly means to love for a lifetime (USA Today).","November 15, 2022",32415,6334,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Mental Health']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/60568471,60568471
Come Back to Me,"Home on leave in sunny California, Marine and local lothario Kit Ryan finds himself dangerously drawn to his best friend's sister, Jessa - the one girl he can't have.But Kit's not about to let a few obstacles stand in his way and soon Jessa's falling for his irresistible charms.What starts out as a summer romance of secret hook-ups and magical first times quickly develops into a passionate love affair that turns both their worlds upside down.When summer's over and it's time for Kit to redeploy, neither Kit nor Jessa are ready to say goodbye. Jessa's finally following her dreams and Kit's discovered there's someone he'd sacrifice everything for.Jessa's prepared to wait for Kit no matter what. But when something more than distance and time rips them apart they're forced to decide whether what they have is really worth fighting for.","June 19, 2014",14247,1545,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Military Fiction', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Young Adult', 'Military Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20935107,20935107
The Right Move,"RYANShe’s a distraction, that’s what she is. I’m the newest Captain of the Devils, Chicago’s NBA team, and the last thing I needed this year was for Indy Ivers, my sister’s best friend, to move into my apartment. She’s messy, emotional, and way too tempting.But when the team’s General Manager vocalizes his blatant disapproval of my promotion to Captain, referring to me as an unapproachable lone wolf with no work-life balance, I can’t think of a better way to convince him otherwise than pretending to date my outgoing roommate. The only problem? Faking it feels far too natural. Having a fake girlfriend wasn’t supposed to be messy but having Indy under my roof and in my bed is complicated, especially when she wants all the romantic parts of life that I could never give her. INDYI never imagined I’d be living with my best friend’s brother, NBA superstar Ryan Shay. Even more unbelievable? He needs me to act as his loving girlfriend who’s suddenly changed him into a friendly and approachable guy.Because, well…he’s not. He’s controlling of his space and untrusting of others. Our arrangement isn’t one-sided, though. I’m in a wedding coming up, one where every one of my childhood friends, including my ex-boyfriend, will be in attendance, and there’s no better date than my ex’s celebrity hero. Blurred lines make it almost impossible to separate real from fake. Falling for my roommate was never part of the deal, especially when Ryan is quick to remind me that he doesn’t believe in love. I’m a romantic and can’t help fantasizing that he’ll change, but soon enough, I find myself questioning if sharing a roof with my best friend’s brother was the right move after all","February 7, 2023",107159,12294,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Basketball']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/84943172,84943172
Only Love Can Hurt Like This,"In the spirit of Colleen Hoover and Jojo Moyes's Me Before You, an unforgettable and heartbreaking love story with an earth-shattering secret at its core that asks the question: is love worth risking everything for?An earth-shattering secret. A life-changing love story.When Wren realizes her fiancé is in love with someone else, she thinks her heart will never recover.On the other side of the world, Anders lost his wife four years ago and is still struggling to move on.Wren hopes that spending the summer with her dad and step-family on their farm in Indiana will help her to heal. There, amid the cornfields and fireflies, she and Anders cross paths and their worlds are turned upside-down again.But Wren doesn't know that Anders is harboring a secret, and if he acts on any feelings he has for Wren it will have serious fall-out for everyone. Walking away would hurt Wren more than she can imagine. But, knowing the truth, how can she possibly stay?","April 25, 2023",15192,2091,"['Romance', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Chick Lit', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/62296521,62296521
Educated,"A newer edition of ISBN 9780399590504 can be found here.Tara Westover was 17 the first time she set foot in a classroom. Born to survivalists in the mountains of Idaho, she prepared for the end of the world by stockpiling home-canned peaches and sleeping with her ""head-for-the-hills bag"". In the summer she stewed herbs for her mother, a midwife and healer, and in the winter she salvaged in her father's junkyard.Her father forbade hospitals, so Tara never saw a doctor or nurse. Gashes and concussions, even burns from explosions, were all treated at home with herbalism. The family was so isolated from mainstream society that there was no one to ensure the children received an education and no one to intervene when one of Tara's older brothers became violent.Then, lacking any formal education, Tara began to educate herself. She taught herself enough mathematics and grammar to be admitted to Brigham Young University, where she studied history, learning for the first time about important world events like the Holocaust and the civil rights movement. Her quest for knowledge transformed her, taking her over oceans and across continents, to Harvard and to Cambridge. Only then would she wonder if she'd traveled too far, if there was still a way home.Educated is an account of the struggle for self-invention. It is a tale of fierce family loyalty and of the grief that comes with severing the closest of ties. With the acute insight that distinguishes all great writers, Westover has crafted a universal coming-of-age story that gets to the heart of what an education is and what it offers: the perspective to see one's life through new eyes and the will to change it.","February 20, 2018",1401943,101810,"['Nonfiction', 'Memoir', 'Biography', 'Audiobook', 'Biography Memoir', 'Autobiography', 'Education']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35133922,35133922
The Temporary Wife,"From the author of The Wrong Bride and Forever After All comes an angsty and steamy marriage of convenience romance featuring a billionaire boss and his secretary.When Luca Windsor’s secretary quits her job shortly after he’s forced into an unwanted engagement arranged by his family, he sets out to solve both problems.… by secretly marrying his secretary instead.The rules are simple:1. Don’t fall in love2. Keep their marriage a secret at work3. Share a bed every nightIt was meant to be a straightforward and mutually beneficial deal, but with each day that passes, it becomes clearer to Luca that the only thing Valentina wants is the one thing he can never do.Letting her go.","February 3, 2023",31137,2380,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Marriage', 'Fiction', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/63095160,63095160
Binding 13," His first, last, and only true love has always been rugby.Until now.He wants to save her.She wants to hide.She's damaged.He's determined.Fate brought them together.Love binds them.Johnny Kavanagh has everything going for him. On the rugby pitch, he's a force to be reckoned with. Primed for stardom, he's heading straight for the top. Nothing can possibly get in his way, right?Not even the shy new girl at Tommen College. The one with the sad eyes and hidden bruises. The one that distracts him like no one ever has.Plagued with a hidden injury and desperate to impress the scouts watching his every move, Johnny has been placed on a pedestal so high, he has no room to make mistakes.Striving to maintain balance, and on the crest of the International Summer Campaign, Johnny needs to keep his head in the game. He needs to stay focused, and cannot afford to let distractions get in the way of the bigger picture.But what happens when a lonely girl with sad eyes becomes the only picture?Life has never been easy for Shannon Lynch. Bullied and tortured, she arrives at Tommen College mid-way through the school year praying for a fresh start and desperate to shake off the demons that plague her.On her very first day at the prestigious private school, she comes into contact with the notorious Johnny Kavanagh.Thrown through a hoop over her feelings for him, and desperate to keep a low-profile, Shannon finds herself once again the target of bullies as she forms a fragile alliance with rugby's rising star.Falling into a complicated friendship and grappling with their undeniable chemistry, Johnny and Shannon must face obstacles that threaten their relationship.Two teenagers from opposite sides of the tracks collide.Friendship, first love, rising fame, horrifying secrets, and pain all fuel together in Binding 13.Hearts are binding and lives are entwining in Binding 13.Binding 13 is the explosive first installment of a brand-new series from Chloe Walsh. Based in Ireland, the Boys Of Tommen series is bound to captivate and lure you into the world of rugby, love, and teenage heartbreak.","July 24, 2018",54827,8096,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary', 'High School', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40944965,40944965
The Brightest Light of Sunshine,"A woman ready to move on. A man who can't afford distractions. An inspiring journey of healing love.Determined to walk away from a traumatic past, 22-year-old Grace Allen feels ready to take the next step in her healing journey—dipping a toe into the dating pool. Although she should probably start by making a friend or two, right?Samuel ‘Cal’ Callaghan isn’t who she had envisioned as her first male friend in… well, forever. With an intimidating build, tattoos everywhere, eight years her senior, and a little sister under his care, the last thing she expected was to warm up to him so easily. As their friendship evolves, Grace can’t help but wonder if Cal is exactly who she’s been looking for all this time.Cal can’t afford to lose sight of his priorities—making sure his tattoo parlor thrives and taking care of his little sister. Especially the latter. He wants to make sure 4-year-old Maddie has a healthy and happy childhood despite their mother going off the rails and her father’s blatant neglect. There’s certainly no room for love in his life right now. But when a sweet blonde with a veiled past breaks down his walls, he finds it difficult to stick to his guns.CONTENT NOTES: This book contains themes of sexual assault (there are no explicit scenes depicting sexual assault), profanity, alcoholism, and explicit sexual content. Recommended for 18+.","Published January 27, 2023",18958,2452,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'College', 'Fiction', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/63831009,63831009
The Things We Leave Unfinished,"Twenty-eight-year-old Georgia Stanton has to start over after she gave up almost everything in a brutal divorce—the New York house, the friends, and her pride. Now back home at her late great-grandmother’s estate in Colorado, she finds herself face-to-face with Noah Harrison, the bestselling author of a million books where the cover is always people nearly kissing. He’s just as arrogant in person as in interviews, and she’ll be damned if the good-looking writer of love stories thinks he’s the one to finish her grandmother’s final novel… even if the publisher swears he’s the perfect fit.Noah is at the pinnacle of his career. With book and movie deals galore, there isn’t much the “golden boy” of modern fiction hasn’t accomplished. But he can’t walk away from what might be the best book of the century—the one his idol, Scarlett Stanton, left unfinished. Coming up with a fitting ending for the legendary author is one thing, but dealing with her beautiful, stubborn, cynical great-granddaughter, Georgia, is quite another. But as they read Scarlett’s words in both the manuscript and her box of letters, they start to realize why Scarlett never finished the book—it’s based on her real-life romance with a World War II pilot, and the ending isn’t a happy one. Georgia knows all too well that love never works out, and while the chemistry and connection between her and Noah is undeniable, she’s as determined as ever to learn from her great-grandmother’s mistakes—even if it means destroying Noah’s career.","February 23, 2021",64448,7539,"['Romance', 'Historical Fiction', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Audiobook', 'Historical']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53137938,53137938
If He Had Been with Me,"If he had been with me everything would have been different...I wasn't with Finn on that August night. But I should've been. It was raining, of course. And he and Sylvie were arguing as he drove down the slick road. No one ever says what they were arguing about. Other people think it's not important. They do not know there is another story. The story that lurks between the facts. What they do not know—the cause of the argument—is crucial.So let me tell you...","April 1, 2013",192073,28858,"['Romance', 'Young Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Fiction', 'Audiobook', 'Realistic Fiction', 'Mental Health']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15835031,15835031
The Other Black Girl,"
Get Out
 meets 
The Stepford Wives
 in this electric debut about the tension that unfurls when two young Black women meet against the starkly white backdrop of New York City book publishing.Twenty-six-year-old editorial assistant Nella Rogers is tired of being the only Black employee at Wagner Books. Fed up with the isolation and microaggressions, she’s thrilled when Harlem-born and bred Hazel starts working in the cubicle beside hers. They’ve only just started comparing natural hair care regimens, though, when a string of uncomfortable events elevates Hazel to Office Darling, and Nella is left in the dust.Then the notes begin to appear on Nella’s desk: LEAVE WAGNER. NOW.It’s hard to believe Hazel is behind these hostile messages. But as Nella starts to spiral and obsess over the sinister forces at play, she soon realizes that there’s a lot more at stake than just her career.A whip-smart and dynamic thriller and sly social commentary that is perfect for anyone who has ever felt manipulated, threatened, or overlooked in the workplace, The Other Black Girl will keep you on the edge of your seat until the very last twist.","June 1, 2021",69929,10196,"['Fiction', 'Thriller', 'Mystery', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'Horror', 'Mystery Thriller']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55711688,55711688
By the Book,"
A tale as old as time—for a new generation…
Isabelle is completely lost. When she first began her career in publishing right out of college, she did not expect to be twenty-five, living at home, still an editorial assistant, and the only Black employee at her publishing house. Overworked and underpaid, constantly torn between speaking up or stifling herself, Izzy thinks there must be more to this publishing life. So when she overhears her boss complaining about a beastly high-profile author who has failed to deliver his long-awaited manuscript, Isabelle sees an opportunity to finally get the promotion she deserves.All she has to do is go to the author’s Santa Barbara mansion and give him a quick pep talk or three. How hard could it be?But Izzy quickly finds out she is in over her head. Beau Towers is not some celebrity lightweight writing a tell-all memoir. He is jaded and withdrawn and—it turns out—just as lost as Izzy. But despite his standoffishness, Izzy needs Beau to deliver, and with her encouragement, his story begins to spill onto the page. They soon discover they have more in common than either of them expected, and as their deadline nears, Izzy and Beau begin to realize there may be something there that wasn't there before. 
Best-selling author Jasmine Guillory’s reimagining of a beloved fairy tale is a romantic triumph of love and acceptance and learning that sometimes to truly know a person you have to read between the lines.
","May 3, 2022",31662,4675,"['Romance', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Retellings', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/58950845,58950845
On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous,"On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous is a letter from a son to a mother who cannot read. Written when the speaker, Little Dog, is in his late twenties, the letter unearths a family's history that began before he was born — a history whose epicenter is rooted in Vietnam — and serves as a doorway into parts of his life his mother has never known, all of it leading to an unforgettable revelation. At once a witness to the fraught yet undeniable love between a single mother and her son, it is also a brutally honest exploration of race, class, and masculinity. Asking questions central to our American moment, immersed as we are in addiction, violence, and trauma, but undergirded by compassion and tenderness, On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous is as much about the power of telling one's own story as it is about the obliterating silence of not being heard.With stunning urgency and grace, Ocean Vuong writes of people caught between disparate worlds, and asks how we heal and rescue one another without forsaking who we are. The question of how to survive, and how to make of it a kind of joy, powers the most important debut novel of many years.","June 4, 2019",263683,35863,"['Fiction', 'Poetry', 'LGBT', 'Contemporary', 'Queer', 'Literary Fiction', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41880609,41880609
Torn,"Taking her is my right.Breaking her, my duty.I was always going to choose Helena. I knew it the instant I saw her.She’s different than the others. There’s a darkness about her. Something wild inside her. And it calls to the beast inside me.But she isn’t what I expect. With every word and every touch, she pushes me, burrows deep under my skin, challenging the rules, upending history.And all the while, I see how my brother watches her. He wants her, and as the rules stand, she’ll become his in one year’s time.Except that I have no intention of giving her up.","November 7, 2018",3932,387,"['Dark', 'Romance', 'BDSM', 'Erotica', 'Abuse', 'Contemporary', 'Menage']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42434209,42434209
Taken,"I’m one of four Willow daughters. He’s the first-born son of the Scafoni family. And we have history.For generations, the Scafoni family have demanded a sacrifice of us. A daughter to atone for sins so old, we don’t even remember what they are anymore.But when you have as much money as they do, you don’t play by the rules. You make them.And Sebastian Scafoni makes all the rules.The moment I saw him, I knew he would choose me. Even though the mark on my sheath declared me unclean. Even though my beautiful sisters stood beside me, offered to him, he still chose me.He made me his.And then he set out to break me.","October 29, 2018",5015,536,"['Dark', 'BDSM', 'Romance', 'Erotica', 'Abuse', 'Audiobook', 'Romantic Suspense']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42507486,42507486
Collateral,"GabrielaStefan Sabbioni showed up uninvited in my bedroom on my sixteenth birthday. He stood in the shadows smelling of whiskey and death and wrapped a broken, blood-crusted necklace around my neck. I thought he'd strangle me with it.That night, he left a message for my father. He said he'd be back to take something precious.I never delivered that message, though. I wonder if things would be different if I had because now, two years later, he's back. And he's not hiding in any shadows.He's come to make good on his promise.He's back to take that something precious.Me.StefanMarchese is the manipulator of my family's tragedy. I won't just bring him to his knees. I'll bury him for what he did.Taking his daughter is only the beginning. I'll do it knowing I'm starting a war. I'll do it knowing my enemies will become his allies. They'll stop at nothing to destroy me and he'll stop at nothing to get her back.I've never shied away from war, though. I'm not one to play nice and I don't share my toys. I'll demolish you if you touch what's mine.And she is most definitely mine.","September 10, 2019",5064,536,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Crime', 'Adult', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50930057,50930057
Sophie's World,"An alternative cover for this ISBN can be found hereOne day fourteen-year-old Sophie Amundsen comes home from school to find in her mailbox two notes, with one question on each: ""Who are you?"" and ""Where does the world come from?"" From that irresistible beginning, Sophie becomes obsessed with questions that take her far beyond what she knows of her Norwegian village. Through those letters, she enrolls in a kind of correspondence course, covering Socrates to Sartre, with a mysterious philosopher, while receiving letters addressed to another girl. Who is Hilde? And why does her mail keep turning up? To unravel this riddle, Sophie must use the philosophy she is learning—but the truth turns out to be far more complicated than she could have imagined.","January 1, 1991",251491,14410,"['Philosophy', 'Fiction', 'Classics', 'Young Adult', 'Novels', 'Fantasy', 'Literature']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10959,10959
The Deal Dilemma,"Ever wonder what would happen if you bribed your brother’s ex-best friend to be your first? Yeah, me either, but I did it anyway. Now the moody man is madder than ever, but I came prepared to strike a deal … One he can’t refuse. Crew Taylor is the picture of perfection, if gruff, grumpy, and prone to throw a punch is your type. Clearly, it’s mine or I wouldn’t be begging him to bite the bullet and claim my virginity as his own. Sure, he’s a bit of a caveman, broody and bossy and oh so naughty, but that’s sort of the point. He’s experienced, his heated hazel eyes promising sinful skills in seduction, and I want him to teach me all he knows. Lesson by lesson. Night after night. The problem? He says he won’t allow me in his bed … but I wonder what it would take to get him to play in mine a bit?___This is a 130k word standalone romance novel with high steam and lots of laughs. Enjoy!","September 23, 2022",10764,1100,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Sports Romance', 'College', 'Sports']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/62694941,62694941
Every Last Word,"If you could read my mind, you wouldn't be smiling. Samantha McAllister looks just like the rest of the popular girls in her junior class. But hidden beneath the straightened hair and expertly applied makeup is a secret that her friends would never understand: Sam has Purely-Obsessional OCD and is consumed by a stream of dark thoughts and worries that she can't turn off. Second-guessing every move, thought, and word makes daily life a struggle, and it doesn't help that her lifelong friends will turn toxic at the first sign of a wrong outfit, wrong lunch, or wrong crush. Yet Sam knows she'd be truly crazy to leave the protection of the most popular girls in school. So when Sam meets Caroline, she has to keep her new friend with a refreshing sense of humor and no style a secret, right up there with Sam's weekly visits to her psychiatrist.Caroline introduces Sam to Poet's Corner, a hidden room and a tight-knit group of misfits who have been ignored by the school at large. Sam is drawn to them immediately, especially a guitar-playing guy with a talent for verse, and starts to discover a whole new side of herself. Slowly, she begins to feel more ""normal"" than she ever has as part of the popular crowd . . . until she finds a new reason to question her sanity and all she holds dear.","June 16, 2015",88945,10546,"['Young Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Romance', 'Mental Health', 'Fiction', 'Mental Illness', 'Realistic Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23341894,23341894
Ruthless People,"To the outside world, they look like American Royalty, giving to charities, feeding the homeless, rebuilding the city. But behind closed doors is a constant battle for dominance between two Bosses, cultures, and hearts.Ruthless People is a romantic crime fiction set in modern day Chicago, following the life and marriage of Melody Nicci Giovanni and Liam Callahan—rivals by blood and leaders through fear. Their marriage was arranged by their fathers in hopes to end years of bloodshed between the Irish and the Italians.Liam, next in line to lead the Irish, believes he’s getting a simple-minded wife, one he can control, one who bends to his every need . . . the complete opposite of Melody. Bred to be a Boss, a world-class marksman, master of disguise, with no mercy and no fear. Twenty-four years later, she has achieved more than any man could even dream of, killing anyone who steps in her way. She knows exactly what type of man Liam is, and she would rather die than give up the power she has spent her whole life building. But with no other family left, she must not only learn to work with Liam, but the whole Callahan clan.The Mafia of the past is evolving, and with rival bosses gunning for them, Melody and Liam will have to figure out how to work as one to take down those who stand in their way, all while keeping up appearances.Power, Family, and Respect are everything.Warning: This book contains adult language and subject matter including graphic violence and explict sex that may be disturbing for some readers. This book is not intended for readers under the age of 18.","July 14, 2014",32656,3115,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Crime']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21839603,21839603
Carrie Soto Is Back,"Carrie Soto is fierce, and her determination to win at any cost has not made her popular.By the time Carrie retires from tennis, she is the best player the world has ever seen. She has shattered every record and claimed twenty Slam titles. And if you ask her, she is entitled to every one. She sacrificed nearly everything to become the best, with her father as her coach.But six years after her retirement, Carrie finds herself sitting in the stands of the 1994 US Open, watching her record be taken from her by a brutal, stunning, British player named Nicki Chan.At thirty-seven years old, Carrie makes the monumental decision to come out of retirement and be coached by her father for one last year in an attempt to reclaim her record. Even if the sports media says that they never liked the 'Battle-Axe' anyway. Even if her body doesn't move as fast as it did. And even if it means swallowing her pride to train with a man she once almost opened her heart to: Bowe Huntley. Like her, he has something to prove before he gives up the game forever.In spite of it all: Carrie Soto is back, for one epic final season. In this riveting and unforgettable novel, Taylor Jenkins Reid tells a story about the cost of greatness and a legendary athlete attempting a comeback.","August 30, 2022",403104,53026,"['Fiction', 'Historical Fiction', 'Audiobook', 'Contemporary', 'Romance', 'Sports', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/60435878,60435878
Normal People,"At school Connell and Marianne pretend not to know each other. He’s popular and well-adjusted, star of the school soccer team while she is lonely, proud, and intensely private. But when Connell comes to pick his mother up from her housekeeping job at Marianne’s house, a strange and indelible connection grows between the two teenagers - one they are determined to conceal.A year later, they’re both studying at Trinity College in Dublin. Marianne has found her feet in a new social world while Connell hangs at the sidelines, shy and uncertain. Throughout their years in college, Marianne and Connell circle one another, straying toward other people and possibilities but always magnetically, irresistibly drawn back together. Then, as she veers into self-destruction and he begins to search for meaning elsewhere, each must confront how far they are willing to go to save the other.Sally Rooney brings her brilliant psychological acuity and perfectly spare prose to a story that explores the subtleties of class, the electricity of first love, and the complex entanglements of family and friendship.","August 28, 2018",1222209,117921,"['Fiction', 'Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Literary Fiction', 'Audiobook', 'Ireland', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41057294,41057294
The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo,"Aging and reclusive Hollywood movie icon Evelyn Hugo is finally ready to tell the truth about her glamorous and scandalous life. But when she chooses unknown magazine reporter Monique Grant for the job, no one is more astounded than Monique herself. Why her? Why now?Monique is not exactly on top of the world. Her husband has left her, and her professional life is going nowhere. Regardless of why Evelyn has selected her to write her biography, Monique is determined to use this opportunity to jumpstart her career.Summoned to Evelyn’s luxurious apartment, Monique listens in fascination as the actress tells her story. From making her way to Los Angeles in the 1950s to her decision to leave show business in the ‘80s, and, of course, the seven husbands along the way, Evelyn unspools a tale of ruthless ambition, unexpected friendship, and a great forbidden love. Monique begins to feel a very real connection to the legendary star, but as Evelyn’s story nears its conclusion, it becomes clear that her life intersects with Monique’s own in tragic and irreversible ways.","June 13, 2017",2494115,235951,"['Fiction', 'Romance', 'Historical Fiction', 'LGBT', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'Historical']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32620332,32620332
The Nightingale,"In love we find out who we want to be.In war we find out who we are.FRANCE, 1939In the quiet village of Carriveau, Vianne Mauriac says good-bye to her husband, Antoine, as he heads for the Front. She doesn’t believe that the Nazis will invade France…but invade they do, in droves of marching soldiers, in caravans of trucks and tanks, in planes that fill the skies and drop bombs upon the innocent. When a German captain requisitions Vianne’s home, she and her daughter must live with the enemy or lose everything. Without food or money or hope, as danger escalates all around them, she is forced to make one impossible choice after another to keep her family alive.Vianne’s sister, Isabelle, is a rebellious eighteen-year-old, searching for purpose with all the reckless passion of youth. While thousands of Parisians march into the unknown terrors of war, she meets Gaëtan, a partisan who believes the French can fight the Nazis from within France, and she falls in love as only the young can…completely. But when he betrays her, Isabelle joins the Resistance and never looks back, risking her life time and again to save others.","October 8, 2015",1195505,96009,"['Historical Fiction', 'Fiction', 'Historical', 'World War II', 'Audiobook', 'War', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21853621,21853621
His Pretty Little Burden,"Sweet little Fawn is the daughter of a boss in The District Cosa Nostra.The daughter of the man who betrayed my family.Not only is she a burden—barely eighteen, naïve, the epitome of a little deer in headlights-But she is too damn pretty.Too pretty to have clawed her way through life, merely surviving.Too pretty to be so utterly vulnerable, alone, and asking for help from the deadliest man in the city—me.Christ. She is too pretty to be walking my halls at midnight.Too damn pretty. . . to not be mine.My pretty little burden.His Pretty Little Burden is part of The Kids of The District series but can be read without the previous books, although it follows a greater narrative. It has a happily for now. It features a powerful Mafia Don, and his endearing tortured little heroine. His Pretty Little Burden has an age-gap dynamic that some people may find uncomfortable. It is an epic love story first. Word steam second. Violence, gore, and drama, third. Enjoy.","Published May 10, 2022",9396,824,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'BDSM', 'Contemporary', 'Crime', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Abuse']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/60307542,60307542
Prickly Romance,"Billionaire. Single dad. My sworn enemy.Ryotaro Sazuki is the Japanese music legend who embarrassed me on the biggest stage of my life.Cold. Ruthless. Eyes of pure steel.He’s the last person I ever want to see again.So why is he the one running to me after I save an adorable little girl from bullies?Turns out, the sweet kid with the tawny-brown skin is Sazuki’s daughter.She’s deaf and reminds me so much of my sister that I instantly connect with her.But spending time with her means I must go through Sazuki.And I hate that man with the passion of a thousand suns even if he’s the hottest guy I’ve ever seen.Anger and attraction. Ice and fire. All we do is trade barbs at each other.Until he slowly starts to unveil the kind-hearted man beneath the mask of ruthless emperor.Suddenly, the feelings I’m having for Sazuki aren’t murderous anymore.But falling for him is a huge no-no.He’s older, famous, and from a strict, traditional family.Can I keep my hands to myself while working at his foundation? And will our age gap romance stand the test when his family finds out?Enjoy fierce, determined heroines and flawed, alpha heroes with kids? Then dive in! PRICKLY ROMANCE is a slowburn, AMBW enemies-to-lovers, office romance with deaf characters, tender moments and sizzling chemistry!","July 6, 2022",3137,205,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Disability', 'Adult', 'Music', 'Interracial Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61405262,61405262
The Silent Patient,"Alicia Berenson’s life is seemingly perfect. A famous painter married to an in-demand fashion photographer, she lives in a grand house with big windows overlooking a park in one of London’s most desirable areas. One evening her husband Gabriel returns home late from a fashion shoot, and Alicia shoots him five times in the face, and then never speaks another word.Alicia’s refusal to talk, or give any kind of explanation, turns a domestic tragedy into something far grander, a mystery that captures the public imagination and casts Alicia into notoriety. The price of her art skyrockets, and she, the silent patient, is hidden away from the tabloids and spotlight at the Grove, a secure forensic unit in North London.Theo Faber is a criminal psychotherapist who has waited a long time for the opportunity to work with Alicia. His determination to get her to talk and unravel the mystery of why she shot her husband takes him down a twisting path into his own motivations—a search for the truth that threatens to consume him....The Silent Patient is a shocking psychological thriller of a woman’s act of violence against her husband—and of the therapist obsessed with uncovering her motive.","February 5, 2019",1749780,156677,"['Thriller', 'Mystery', 'Fiction', 'Mystery Thriller', 'Audiobook', 'Suspense', 'Crime']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40097951,40097951
The Invisible Life of Addie LaRue,"France, 1714: in a moment of desperation, a young woman makes a Faustian bargain to live forever and is cursed to be forgotten by everyone she meets.Thus begins the extraordinary life of Addie LaRue, and a dazzling adventure that will play out across centuries and continents, across history and art, as a young woman learns how far she will go to leave her mark on the world.But everything changes when, after nearly 300 years, Addie stumbles across a young man in a hidden bookstore and he remembers her name.","October 6, 2020",925759,121247,"['Fantasy', 'Fiction', 'Romance', 'Historical Fiction', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Historical']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50623864,50623864
Requited Unrequited Love,"A full-fledged adult in the eyes of society, but not in the eyes of her mother, who follows the norms of their culture blindly. This is Kristina—a daughter of two Egyptian immigrant parents—and her doomed reality. She still lives at home and has absolutely zero freedom, both preventing her from crossing off the mundane items on her many bucket lists.As a psychology major, Kristina tries to cope—for instance, by talking with her pen pal, Adam, as her online persona, Eve. Even though she avoids men at all costs because of her past, he happens to be the only exception.Kristina is aware that if she were to get married, then—poof—magically, that would all change. Because by gaining a husband, she would be gaining her freedom, although compromising her detestation for her desire. It’s an unfortunate two-package deal, but the only solution.Enter Augustine and his—quite literal—proposal. The only problem? He’s a rude, arrogant, ill-mannered demon of a man who Kristina cannot stand. Neither can he stand her, but he has his own two-package deal—his own hidden gain.So, the feeling is mutual; they get married, pretend to love each other in front of others, and live their separate lives, keeping their distance from one another when no one is watching.Also mutual? They’re both unaware of the fact that they’re already close—as Adam and Eve.A win-win for all indeed. Strictly business.What could possibly go wrong? Other than facing a new set of mundane items, such as deception, love, and rejection.","Published January 20, 2023",2117,362,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Love', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Marriage', 'Fiction', 'Book Club']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/75263226,75263226
The Conspiracy of Us,"Avery West's newfound family can shut down Prada when they want to shop in peace, and can just as easily order a bombing when they want to start a war. Part of a powerful and dangerous secret society called the Circle, they believe Avery is the key to an ancient prophecy. Some want to use her as a pawn. Some want her dead.To unravel the mystery putting her life in danger, Avery must follow a trail of clues from the monuments of Paris to the back alleys of Istanbul with two boys who work for the Circle — beautiful, volatile Stellan and mysterious, magnetic Jack. But as the clues expose a stunning conspiracy that might plunge the world into World War 3, she discovers that both boys are hiding secrets of their own. Now she will have to choose not only between freedom and family — but between the boy who might help her save the world, and the one she's falling in love with.","January 13, 2015",11446,1745,"['Young Adult', 'Mystery', 'Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Thriller', 'Fantasy', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17134589,17134589
"War, Unfinished", THIS IS NO LONGER AVAILABLE FOR SALE ,"Published April 25, 2022",616,137,"['Dark', 'Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Abuse', 'Fiction', 'Marriage']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/56949185,56949185
Throne of Power,"When powers clash... In the mafia world, women don’t reign.I’m the exception of that rule.I didn’t choose this life, it chose me.I have a legacy to protect, a power to snatch, and no one will stop me.If an arranged marriage is what it’ll take to lead, then so be it.What I don’t count on is that my chosen husband is a ghost from my past.Kyle Hunter.He was once my guard, my protector. Now, he’s after my kingdom.The road to the throne is paved with thorns, blood, and casualties.To win, I’ll risk it all. My heart included.This book is part of a duet and is not standalone.","January 21, 2021",15757,1375,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Erotica', 'Suspense']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55855966,55855966
The Predator,"What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object in the field of death? In the dark underbelly of the mob, Tristan Caine has been an anomaly. As the only non-blooded member in the high circle of the Tenebrae Outfit, he is an enigma to all - his skills unparalleled, his morality questionable, and his motives unknown. He is lethal and he knows it. As does Morana Vitalio, the genius extraordinaire daughter of the rival family. What Caine does with weapons, Morana does with computers. When a twenty-year old mystery resurfaces, Morana infiltrates Caine's house, intent on killing him, unaware of a tie that binds them together. Hate, heat, and history clash together with unexpected sparks. But something bigger, something worse is happening in their world. And despite their animosity, only they can fight it down.","January 1, 2020",48559,6702,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Mystery', 'Crime']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52871061,52871061
The Bluff,"From USA Today Bestselling Author Devney Perry writing as Willa Nash comes a small town Montana romance.As Calamity’s newest resident, Everly Christian thought life in small-town Montana would be dull and tame—and she needs a little mundane after the last few chaotic years. But one night, boredom drives her to the local bar, where she finds herself sitting beside a handsome and mysterious artist.The man is anything but dull and tame, especially in the bedroom, and when she steps out of his shower and overhears his conversation, life gets interesting again.Reese Huxley needs a wife.And why shouldn’t Everly be the bride?She’s got her reasons for agreeing to the hasty nuptials—reasons she’s keeping to herself. As long as she can stop herself from falling in love with her husband, she’ll make it out of this sham marriage in one piece. But Everly has a weakness for wayward men, and the more Hux pushes her away, the more she realizes this bluff is anything but a lie.","April 1, 2021",12157,1259,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Marriage', 'Drama']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55239381,55239381
Corrupted Chaos,"My enemy doesn’t make the rules behind closed doors…Even if he’s my boss.Cade Armanelli might be an infamous hacker with billionaire status who operates better alone, but I earned my spot working alongside him...Whether he likes it or not.It’s precisely why I’m on the first plane to an undisclosed location for our cybersecurity team retreat. I’m ready to prove to our company that I can handle anything…Except sharing a cabin and a bed with my meticulous, elusive boss.He’s antisocial.Ruthless.Enemy number one.Unfortunately, he’s also number one in tatted, dark, and dangerous. I quickly come to find that not only are his hacking skills perfection, but so is his performance in the bedroom.Not that it matters. I have a job to keep, a heart to protect, and our nation’s data to secure.Cade can’t help me with any of that.He’s a distraction. One I have to avoid…Even if it means I’m spray painting a red line down our bed and keeping my boss on his side.Corrupted Chaos is a light mafia standalone romance with forced proximity, steam, and a tech mogul that will fight and grovel for a HEA with his spitfire woman.","October 27, 2022",28838,1842,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Erotica', 'Crime']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61757380,61757380
Atomic Habits: An Easy & Proven Way to Build Good Habits & Break Bad Ones,"No matter your goals, Atomic Habits offers a proven framework for improving—every day. James Clear, one of the world's leading experts on habit formation, reveals practical strategies that will teach you exactly how to form good habits, break bad ones, and master the tiny behaviors that lead to remarkable results.If you're having trouble changing your habits, the problem isn't you. The problem is your system. Bad habits repeat themselves again and again not because you don't want to change, but because you have the wrong system for change. You do not rise to the level of your goals. You fall to the level of your systems. Here, you'll get a proven system that can take you to new heights.Clear is known for his ability to distill complex topics into simple behaviors that can be easily applied to daily life and work. Here, he draws on the most proven ideas from biology, psychology, and neuroscience to create an easy-to-understand guide for making good habits inevitable and bad habits impossible. Along the way, readers will be inspired and entertained with true stories from Olympic gold medalists, award-winning artists, business leaders, life-saving physicians, and star comedians who have used the science of small habits to master their craft and vault to the top of their field.Learn how to:- Make time for new habits (even when life gets crazy);- Overcome a lack of motivation and willpower;- Design your environment to make success easier;- Get back on track when you fall off course;...and much more.Atomic Habits will reshape the way you think about progress and success, and give you the tools and strategies you need to transform your habits--whether you are a team looking to win a championship, an organization hoping to redefine an industry, or simply an individual who wishes to quit smoking, lose weight, reduce stress, or achieve any other goal.","October 16, 2018",703880,46678,"['Nonfiction', 'Self Help', 'Psychology', 'Personal Development', 'Productivity', 'Audiobook', 'Business']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40121378,40121378
Juniper Hill,"Memphis Ward arrives in Quincy, Montana, on the fifth worst day of her life. She needs a shower. She needs a snack. She needs some sanity. Because moving across the country with her newborn baby is by far the craziest thing she’s ever done.But maybe it takes a little crazy to build a good life. If putting the past behind her requires a thousand miles and a new town, she’ll do it if it means a better future for her son. Even if it requires setting aside the glamour of her former life. Even if it requires working as a housekeeper at The Eloise Inn and living in an apartment above a garage.It’s there, on the fifth worst day of her life, that she meets the handsomest man she’s ever laid eyes on. Knox Eden is a beautiful, sinful dream, a chef and her temporary landlord. With his sharp, stubbled jaw and tattooed arms, he’s raw and rugged and everything she’s never had—and never will. Because after the first worst day of her life, Memphis learned a good life requires giving up on her dreams too. And a man like Knox Eden will only ever be a dream.","January 11, 2022",70943,7624,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Romantic Suspense', 'Fiction', 'Suspense']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/59114267,59114267
Migrations,"Franny Stone has always been the kind of woman who is able to love but unable to stay. Leaving behind everything but her research gear, she arrives in Greenland with a singular purpose: to follow the last Arctic terns in the world on what might be their final migration to Antarctica. Franny talks her way onto a fishing boat, and she and the crew set sail, traveling ever further from shore and safety. But as Franny’s history begins to unspool—a passionate love affair, an absent family, a devastating crime—it becomes clear that she is chasing more than just the birds. When Franny's dark secrets catch up with her, how much is she willing to risk for one more chance at redemption?Epic and intimate, heartbreaking and galvanizing, Charlotte McConaghy's Migrations is an ode to a disappearing world and a breathtaking page-turner about the possibility of hope against all odds.","August 4, 2020",64327,9517,"['Fiction', 'Science Fiction', 'Literary Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'Nature', 'Dystopia']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42121525,42121525
In Five Years,"Where do you see yourself in five years? When Type-A Manhattan lawyer Dannie Kohan is asked this question at the most important interview of her career, she has a meticulously crafted answer at the ready. Later, after nailing her interview and accepting her boyfriend's marriage proposal, Dannie goes to sleep knowing she is right on track to achieve her five-year plan. But when she wakes up, she’s suddenly in a different apartment, with a different ring on her finger, and beside a very different man. The television news is on in the background, and she can just make out the scrolling date. It’s the same night—December 15—but 2025, five years in the future. After a very intense, shocking hour, Dannie wakes again, at the brink of midnight, back in 2020. She can’t shake what has happened. It certainly felt much more than merely a dream, but she isn’t the kind of person who believes in visions. That nonsense is only charming coming from free-spirited types, like her lifelong best friend, Bella. Determined to ignore the odd experience, she files it away in the back of her mind. That is, until four-and-a-half years later, when by chance Dannie meets the very same man from her long-ago vision. Brimming with joy and heartbreak, In Five Years is an unforgettable love story that reminds us of the power of loyalty, friendship, and the unpredictable nature of destiny.","March 10, 2020",429175,37439,"['Romance', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'Chick Lit', 'Adult', 'Magical Realism']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50093704,50093704
Most of All You,"A broken woman . . .Crystal learned long ago that love brings only pain. Feeling nothing at all is far better than being hurt again. She guards her wounded heart behind a hard exterior and carries within her a deep mistrust of men, who, in her experience, have only ever used and taken.A man in need of help . . .Then Gabriel Dalton walks into her life. Despite the terrible darkness of his past, there's an undeniable goodness in him. And even though she knows the cost, Crystal finds herself drawn to Gabriel. His quiet strength is wearing down her defenses and his gentle patience is causing her to question everything she thought she knew.Only love can mend a shattered heart . . .Crystal and Gabriel never imagined that the world, which had stolen everything from them, would bring them a deep love like this. Except fate will only take them so far, and now the choice is theirs: Harden their hearts once again or find the courage to shed their painful pasts.","October 17, 2017",32893,3887,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Abuse', 'Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32854499,32854499
One True Loves,"In her twenties, Emma Blair marries her high school sweetheart, Jesse. They build a life for themselves, far away from the expectations of their parents and the people of their hometown in Massachusetts. They travel the world together, living life to the fullest and seizing every opportunity for adventure.On their first wedding anniversary, Jesse is on a helicopter over the Pacific when it goes missing. Just like that, Jesse is gone forever.Emma quits her job and moves home in an effort to put her life back together. Years later, now in her thirties, Emma runs into an old friend, Sam, and finds herself falling in love again. When Emma and Sam get engaged, it feels like Emma’s second chance at happiness.That is, until Jesse is found. He’s alive, and he’s been trying all these years to come home to her. With a husband and a fiancé, Emma has to now figure out who she is and what she wants, while trying to protect the ones she loves.Who is her one true love? What does it mean to love truly?Emma knows she has to listen to her heart. She’s just not sure what it’s saying.","June 7, 2016",390925,45069,"['Romance', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'Chick Lit', 'Adult', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27189194,27189194
The Rebel's Redemption,"Even rebels have regrets.Mine has a name: Jamie.When news of Jean Perry's passing reaches me, I feel a moment of selfish relief and hope that I might be able to reconcile the most consequential mistake of my life.There's only one problem.Her sister.Avery Perry.The moment I see the way my son looks at her, I'm reminded of a past I thought long buried. There's more to this arrangement than meets the eye and there's only one way to learn more.It's time to play house.No feelings. Just observation. And maybe a little seduction along the way.I am a rebel, after all.And not all rebels are worthy of redemption.","June 15, 2019",444,51,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50841664,50841664
The Idiot,"A portrait of the artist as a young woman. A novel about not just discovering but inventing oneself.The year is 1995, and email is new. Selin, the daughter of Turkish immigrants, arrives for her freshman year at Harvard. She signs up for classes in subjects she has never heard of, befriends her charismatic and worldly Serbian classmate, Svetlana, and, almost by accident, begins corresponding with Ivan, an older mathematics student from Hungary. Selin may have barely spoken to Ivan, but with each email they exchange, the act of writing seems to take on new and increasingly mysterious meanings.At the end of the school year, Ivan goes to Budapest for the summer, and Selin heads to the Hungarian countryside, to teach English in a program run by one of Ivan's friends. On the way, she spends two weeks visiting Paris with Svetlana. Selin's summer in Europe does not resonate with anything she has previously heard about the typical experiences of American college students, or indeed of any other kinds of people. For Selin, this is a journey further inside herself: a coming to grips with the ineffable and exhilarating confusion of first love, and with the growing consciousness that she is doomed to become a writer.","March 14, 2017",67109,10566,"['Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Literary Fiction', 'Historical Fiction', 'Coming Of Age', 'Novels', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30962053,30962053
The Husband Checklist,"There are moments when you think life is going one way and a major curveball sends you the complete opposite direction. That’s me, standing in the rain, wondering how things went so terribly wrong. What do I need? To hide at my brother’s house to lick my wounds.What do I get? My brother’s roommate, sexy-as-sin best friend, Carter Kennedy.The cute, adventurous boy who was my teenage crush. The inspiring, irresistible man who will never be mine. But then things get complicated with fun-filled days and pleasure-filled nights. If Carter wasn’t the most commitment-phobic person I know, I could consider the cliché of dating my brother’s best friend. But he will never fit the husband checklist I made to find the man who will be my world, and I’m not willing to compromise on that. At least, that's the plan.","November 7, 2019",2662,284,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Unfinished', 'Adult', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44133441,44133441
The Wrong Bride,"
She’s his fiancée’s younger sister. He’s the man she’s always loved.
When her sister doesn’t show up on her wedding day, Raven has no choice but to take her place — but marriage to Ares Windsor is nothing short of torture.The elusive billionaire media mogul is the man she’s always loved… yet he’s only ever had eyes for her sister.Married to him at last, Raven is determined to win him over.After all, everything is fair in love and war.And this?This is war.","October 15, 2022",47133,4578,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Marriage', 'Adult', 'Love', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/62316382,62316382
King of Wrath,"  She’s the wife he never wanted…and the weakness he never saw coming.  Ruthless. Meticulous. Arrogant. Dante Russo thrives on control, both personally and professionally. The billionaire CEO never planned to marry—until the threat of blackmail forces him into an engagement with a woman he barely knows. Vivian Lau, jewelry heiress and daughter of his newest enemy.It doesn’t matter how beautiful or charming she is. He'll do everything in his power to destroy the evidence and their betrothal.  There’s only one problem: now that he has her...he can't bring himself to let her go.***Elegant. Ambitious. Well-mannered.Vivian Lau is the perfect daughter and her family’s ticket into the highest echelons of high society.Marrying a blue-blooded Russo means opening doors that would otherwise remain closed to her new-money family.While the rude, elusive Dante isn't her idea of a dream partner, she agrees to their arranged marriage out of duty. Craving his touch was never part of the plan. Neither was the worst thing she could possibly do: fall in love with her future husband. King of Wrath is a steamy billionaire/arranged marriage romance. It contains explicit sexual content, profanity, and mild violence. Recommended for mature readers only. ","October 18, 2022",170753,17827,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'New Adult', 'Fantasy']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61229235,61229235
Unlawful Temptations,"Breaking the rules is never without consequence. And that's what Dominic Reed was to me. A devastating consequence. It seemed harmless when we met. He needed a nanny, and I needed a job. Badly. I was the only thing keeping food on the table and lights on in our not-so-happily-ever-after house. Dad had split, and Mom was always blitzed out to forget he was gone, and I was all my little sister had left.I thought working for Dominic Reed would be easy. I thought wrong. It was the exact opposite of easy. It was impossible, in fact, when he was my boss and I was his employee, and fate decided it didn't care about professionalism or boundaries. It didn't care that I was ten years younger. It didn't care that I'd built the entire foundation of my adult life on the fact that love was poison and men were the devil. And it certainly didn't care about the wedding band around Dominic's finger either. No matter how off limits he was to me or how wild and rebellious I was to him, our chemistry was heroin, and it demanded our submission despite how hard we scrambled to stop it. And I needed to stop it, because it wasn't just my heart in jeopardy if I fell in love with Dominic Reed. Apparently, it was my life.",-,6102,461,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Romantic Suspense', 'Fiction', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/57992291,57992291
The Casanova,"In T L Swan’s steamy third installment of the Miles High Club, Kate’s hot new pen pal is a welcome distraction from her horrible boss. But nobody is as distracting as Elliot Miles…and he knows it.My favorite hobby is infuriating Elliot Miles. Just the sight of my boss’s handsome face triggers my sarcasm. God knows how he earns his Casanova reputation—if a million women want him with his personality, what the heck am I doing wrong?Disgusted with my love life, I join a dating app under a fake name. I start chatting to a man named Edgar. He’s not my type and lives on the other side of the world, but we hit off a friendship, laugh and confide in each other.But lately things are getting weird at work. Elliot’s being…attentive. His eyes linger a little longer than they should, and there’s a heat behind them that I haven’t felt before. And then, in the shock of all shocks, he tells me that my vulnerability is appealing. But when was I vulnerable?Horror dawns…Has my boss been reading my emails to Edgar?Damn it, why did I use my work email?Oh no, does he know what I really think of him? I’d rather die than ever admit it.Or, even worse: is it possible that the man I loathe in real life is the man I’m falling for online?","August 26, 2021",72884,5420,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'Erotica']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/57200226,57200226
The Way I Used to Be,"All Eden wants is to rewind the clock. To live that day again. She would do everything differently. Not laugh at his jokes or ignore the way he was looking at her that night. And she would definitely lock her bedroom door.But Eden can’t turn back time. So she buries the truth, along with the girl she used to be. She pretends she doesn’t need friends, doesn’t need love, doesn’t need justice. But as her world unravels, one thing becomes clear: the only person who can save Eden … is Eden.","March 22, 2016",103511,11580,"['Young Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Fiction', 'Romance', 'Mental Health', 'Realistic Fiction', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23546634,23546634
Brutal Obsession,"He shattered my leg, and now he wants to ruin the rest of me.Greyson Devereux is a menace–but only to me.To everyone else, he’s charismatic.He’s the son of a senator and the star of the university’s hockey team.When all I want is to be invisible, he drags me into the spotlight.He wants my blood, my fear, my attention.Resisting him only worsens his obsession.Fighting solidifies it.He’s brutal, and he draws out a sick darkness in me that enjoys it.But I’ll be damned if I let him become my downfall.","December 2, 2022",19735,2033,"['Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'Romance', 'Hockey', 'Dark', 'College', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/60653182,60653182
All the Light We Cannot See,"Marie-Laure lives in Paris near the Museum of Natural History, where her father works. When she is twelve, the Nazis occupy Paris and father and daughter flee to the walled citadel of Saint-Malo, where Marie-Laure’s reclusive great uncle lives in a tall house by the sea. With them they carry what might be the museum’s most valuable and dangerous jewel.In a mining town in Germany, Werner Pfennig, an orphan, grows up with his younger sister, enchanted by a crude radio they find that brings them news and stories from places they have never seen or imagined. Werner becomes an expert at building and fixing these crucial new instruments and is enlisted to use his talent to track down the resistance. Deftly interweaving the lives of Marie-Laure and Werner, Doerr illuminates the ways, against all odds, people try to be good to one another.From the highly acclaimed, multiple award-winning Anthony Doerr, the stunningly beautiful instant New York Times bestseller about a blind French girl and a German boy whose paths collide in occupied France as both try to survive the devastation of World War II.An alternate cover for this ISBN can be found here","May 6, 2014",1506051,98140,"['Historical Fiction', 'Fiction', 'Historical', 'War', 'World War II', 'Audiobook', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18143977,18143977
Floored,"If you've ever had a steamy one-night stand with a British football player and then find yourself pregnant with his baby, you know how Lia Ward feels.  To be fair, Lia didn't know who Jude McAllister was when they met.  Across the ocean for a semester studying for her master's program, all she knows is that she's a little lonely and he's very charming, even as they have an epically sexy argument about which type of football is superior. In Jude's mind, shagging the feisty American girl is exactly what he needs. He’s been fighting the clock of his long-standing football career and the younger players primed to take his position. Proving that he can feel like his old self again—something he's been trying to do with everyone in his life—should be easier after blowing off steam with Lia.  But oh baby, when a plus sign pops up on Lia's pregnancy test, that 'one night' becomes a whole lot more.  Now Lia and Jude have to navigate their impossible-to-ignore chemistry, and prepare for the parenting game, something neither of them know how to play.","December 9, 2020",12184,927,"['Sports Romance', 'Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Soccer']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55989190,55989190
Alone With You in the Ether,"CHICAGO, SOMETIME—Two people meet in the Art Institute by chance. Prior to their encounter, he is a doctoral student who manages his destructive thoughts with compulsive calculations about time travel; she is a bipolar counterfeit artist, undergoing court-ordered psychotherapy. By the end of the story, these things will still be true. But this is not a story about endings.For Regan, people are predictable and tedious, including and perhaps especially herself. She copes with the dreariness of existence by living impulsively, imagining a new, alternate timeline being created in the wake of every rash decision.To Aldo, the world feels disturbingly chaotic. He gets through his days by erecting a wall of routine: a backbeat of rules and formulas that keep him going. Without them, the entire framework of his existence would collapse. For Regan and Aldo, life has been a matter of resigning themselves to the blueprints of inevitability—until the two meet. Could six conversations with a stranger be the variable that shakes up the entire simulation?From Olivie Blake, the New York Times bestselling author of The Atlas Six, comes an intimate and contemporary study of time, space, and the nature of love. Alone with You in the Ether explores what it means to be unwell, and how to face the fractures of yourself and still love as if you're not broken.","June 20, 2020",56737,12213,"['Romance', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Literary Fiction', 'Mental Health', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61126612,61126612
The Mountain Is You: Transforming Self-Sabotage Into Self-Mastery,"This is a book about self-sabotage. Why we do it, when we do it, and how to stop doing it—for good. Coexisting but conflicting needs create self-sabotaging behaviors. This is why we resist efforts to change, often until they feel completely futile. But by extracting crucial insight from our most damaging habits, building emotional intelligence by better understanding our brains and bodies, releasing past experiences at a cellular level, and learning to act as our highest potential future selves, we can step out of our own way and into our potential. For centuries, the mountain has been used as a metaphor for the big challenges we face, especially ones that seem impossible to overcome. To scale our mountains, we actually have to do the deep internal work of excavating trauma, building resilience, and adjusting how we show up for the climb. In the end, it is not the mountain we master, but ourselves.","May 28, 2020",33005,2791,"['Self Help', 'Nonfiction', 'Psychology', 'Personal Development', 'Mental Health', 'Audiobook', 'Poetry']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53642699,53642699
The Marriage Effect,"Logan Ward doesn’t want any more women in his life.Being a football player and legal guardian to his four younger sisters means his playbook is full. However, one of them just landed in the hospital, which gives his brother the shot he needs to challenge Logan for custody.Legal counsel says there’s only one thing Logan can do—find himself a wife.Paige McKinney doesn’t always think things through.Like walking away from her modeling career without a thought of what might come next. She really doesn’t think it through when she proclaims herself Logan’s fiancé at the hospital, simply because the sexy—albeit grumpy—football player forgot his cell phone at a party and security won’t let her pass. It’s not her fault it was overheard by the worst possible person.A bargain is struck, and a fake marriage is the perfect solution. But the simple solution creates a whole new problem: they’re not as different as they seem. The reluctant groom has fire inside him, and his impetuous bride is about to light the match.","June 12, 2019",16447,1321,"['Sports Romance', 'Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Football', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45027286,45027286
The Fine Print,"RowanI'm in the business of creating fairy tales.Theme parks. Production companies. Five-star hotels.Everything could be all mine if I renovated Dreamland.My initial idea of hiring Zahra was good in theory, but then I kissed her.Things spiraled out of control once I texted her using an alias.By the time I realized where I went wrong, it was too late.People like me don't get happy endings.Not when we're destined to ruin them.ZahraAfter submitting a drunk proposal criticizing Dreamland's most expensive ride, I should have been fired.Instead, Rowan Kane offered me a dream job.The catch? I had to work for the most difficult boss I'd ever met.Rowan was rude and completely off-limits, but my heart didn't care.At least not until I discovered his secret.It was time to teach the billionaire that money couldn't fix everything.Especially not us.The Fine Print is the first book in a series of interconnected standalones following three billionaire brothers.","July 8, 2021",347786,36866,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Fiction', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/57658071,57658071
Misconduct,"From the New York Times bestselling author of the Fall Away series who never fails to deliver a “powerfully written contemporary love story…”* Former tennis player Easton Bradbury is trying to be the best teacher she can be, trying to reach her bored students and trying to forget her past. What brought her to this stage in her life isn’t important. She can’t let it be. But now one parent-teacher meeting may be her undoing…Meeting Tyler Marek for the first time makes it easy for Easton to see why his son is having trouble in school. The man knows how to manage businesses and wealth, not a teenage boy. Or a young teacher, for that matter, though he tries to. And yet…there is something about him that draws Easton in—a hint of vulnerability, a flash of attraction, a spark that might burn.Wanting him is taboo. Needing him is undeniable. And his long-awaited touch will weaken Easton’s resolve—and reveal what should stay hidden…(*STANDALONE, NO CLIFFHANGER*)","December 1, 2015",30560,3146,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Erotica', 'Politics']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23605463,23605463
Beach Read,"A romance writer who no longer believes in love and a literary writer stuck in a rut engage in a summer-long challenge that may just upend everything they believe about happily ever afters.Augustus Everett is an acclaimed author of literary fiction. January Andrews writes bestselling romance. When she pens a happily ever after, he kills off his entire cast.They’re polar opposites.In fact, the only thing they have in common is that for the next three months, they’re living in neighboring beach houses, broke, and bogged down with writer’s block.Until, one hazy evening, one thing leads to another and they strike a deal designed to force them out of their creative ruts: Augustus will spend the summer writing something happy, and January will pen the next Great American Novel. She’ll take him on field trips worthy of any rom-com montage, and he’ll take her to interview surviving members of a backwoods death cult (obviously). Everyone will finish a book and no-one will fall in love. Really.","May 19, 2020",942221,100494,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Chick Lit', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52867387,52867387
Dear Enemy,"
From New York Times bestselling author Kristen Callihan comes a smart, emotional contemporary romance about finding love with the most unlikely of people.
As kids, they hated each other. Macon Saint was beautiful, but despite his name, Delilah knew he was the devil. That he dated her slightly evil sister, Samantha, was no picnic either. When they broke up, it was a dream come true: Delilah never had to see him again.Ten years later, her old enemy sends a text.Delilah’s sister has stolen a valuable heirloom from Macon, now a rising Hollywood star, and he intends to collect his due. One problem: Sam has skipped town.Sparks still sizzle between Macon and Delilah, only this heat feels alarmingly like unwanted attraction. But Delilah is desperate to keep her weak-hearted mother from learning of her sister’s theft. So she proposes a deal: she’ll pay off the debt by being Macon’s personal chef and assistant.It’s a recipe for disaster, but Macon can’t stop himself from accepting. Even though Delilah clearly hates him, there’s something about her that feels like home. Besides, they’re no longer kids, and what once was a bitter rivalry has the potential to be something sweeter. Something like forever.","March 31, 2020",28276,3021,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49415471,49415471
Wallbanger,"The first night after Caroline moves into her fantastic new San Francisco apartment, she realizes she's gaining an intimate knowledge of her new neighbor's nocturnal adventures. Thanks to paper-thin walls and the guy's athletic prowess, she can hear not just his bed banging against the wall but the ecstatic response of what seems (as loud night after loud night goes by) like an endless parade of women. And since Caroline is currently on a self-imposed dating hiatus, and her neighbor is clearly lethally attractive to women, she finds her fantasies keep her awake even longer than the noise. So when the wallbanging threatens to literally bounce her out of bed, Caroline, clad in sexual frustration and a pink baby-doll nightie, confronts Simon Parker, her heard-but-never-seen neighbor. The tension between them is as thick as the walls are thin, and the results just as mixed. Suddenly, Caroline is finding she may have discovered a whole new definition of neighborly...In a delicious mix of silly and steamy, Alice Clayton dishes out a hot and hilarious tale of exasperation at first sight...","November 27, 2012",204232,15091,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Humor', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15858248,15858248
Practice Makes Perfect,"Behind closed doors, they're laying down the law.When it comes to the laws of attraction...Payton Kendall and J.D. Jameson are lawyers who know the meaning of objection. A feminist to the bone, Payton has fought hard to succeed in a profession dominated by men. Born wealthy, privileged, and cocky, J.D. has fought hard to ignore her. Face-to-face, they're perfectly civil. They have to be. For eight years they have kept a safe distance and tolerated each other as coworkers for one reason: to make partner at the firm....There are no rules.But all bets are off when they're asked to join forces on a major case. Though apprehensive at first, they begin to appreciate each other's dedication to the law—and the sparks between them quickly turn into attraction. But the increasingly hot connection does not last long when they discover that only one of them will be named partner. Now it's an all-out war. And the battle between the sexes is bound to make these lawyers hot under the collar...","March 3, 2009",31475,1824,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Chick Lit', 'Adult', 'Humor', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5082599,5082599
The Co-op,"They say love and construction don't mix. By that logic, hate and construction may as well be condemned. LaRynn Lavigne and Deacon Leeds had one short and contentious summer fling when they were teens. Certainly nothing to build a foundation on. But a decade later, when their grandmothers have left them with shared ownership of their dilapidated Santa Cruz building, they're thrust back together and have to figure out how to brace up the pieces. LaRynn has the money, but to access her trust, she has to be married. Deacon has the construction expertise, but lacks the funds. A deal is struck: Marry for however long it takes to fix up the property, collect a profit, and cut ties. Thrust into a home without walls, they quickly learn that it's easy to hide behind emotional ones, even in a marriage. But, with all the exposure and pitfalls that come with living with the opposite sex (and none of the perks) they'll also have to learn what it means to truly co-operate as a team.The Co-op is a steamy story about restoration and renovation, and uncovering all the things that build character within ourselves. It's about the never-ending construction project that partnership is, and finding enjoyment at every stage.","October 20, 2022",10061,1564,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Fiction', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/62801928,62801928
Drago,"Drago is the protector, willing to risk his life for the Carusos.Katarina is a Luciano, protected only by her brothers. Gunned down by her Family, he is seeking vengeance. Chosen by his, she’s forced to unite their blood. Marrying her might just be his sweet revenge. Marrying him would be a marriage made in hell.  I’m just a f**king bodyguard. I’m the f**king devil’s daughter. ","January 20, 2019",3318,260,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Dark', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Erotica']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40622772,40622772
The Edge of Never,"Twenty-year-old Camryn Bennett had always been one to think out-of-the-box, who knew she wanted something more in life than following the same repetitive patterns and growing old with the same repetitive life story. And she thought that her life was going in the right direction until everything fell apart.Determined not to dwell on the negative and push forward, Camryn is set to move in with her best friend and plans to start a new job. But after an unexpected night at the hottest club in downtown North Carolina, she makes the ultimate decision to leave the only life she’s ever known, far behind.With a purse, a cell phone and a small bag with a few necessities, Camryn, with absolutely no direction or purpose boards a Greyhound bus alone and sets out to find herself. What she finds is a guy named Andrew Parrish, someone not so very different from her and who harbors his own dark secrets. But Camryn swore never to let down her walls again. And she vowed never to fall in love.But with Andrew, Camryn finds herself doing a lot of things she never thought she’d do. He shows her what it’s really like to live out-of-the-box and to give in to her deepest, darkest desires. On their sporadic road-trip he becomes the center of her exciting and daring new life, pulling love and lust and emotion out of her in ways she never imagined possible. But will Andrew’s dark secret push them inseparably together, or tear them completely apart?
Due to sexual content and language, this book is recommended for 17+ – Adult Contemporary Women’s – New Adult Fiction
","November 13, 2012",147788,11448,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Young Adult', 'Fiction', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16081272,16081272
Burn for You,"The marriage is fake. But for a sassy chef and an arrogant billionaire, the sparks are real…Jackson “The Beast” Boudreaux is rich, gorgeous, and unbelievably rude to the staff at Chef Bianca Hardwick’s New Orleans restaurant. Bianca would sooner douse herself in hot sauce than cook for Jackson again, but when he asks her to cater his fund-raiser, Bianca can’t refuse, knowing the cash will help pay her mother’s medical bills. Then Jackson makes another outrageous request: Marry me. The unconventional offer includes an enormous sum—money Bianca desperately needs, even if it does come with a contract — and a stunning ring.The heir to a family bourbon dynasty, Jackson knows the rumors swirling around him. The truth is even darker. Still, he needs a wife to secure his inheritance, and free-spirited, sassy Bianca would play the part beautifully. Soon, though, their simple business deal evolves into an emotional intimacy he’s built walls to avoid.As the passion heats up between them, Bianca and Jackson struggle to define which feelings are real and which are for show. Is falling for your fake fiancé the best happy ending… or a recipe for disaster?","October 17, 2017",28287,2464,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Humor', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35008850,35008850
A Little Life,"When four classmates from a small Massachusetts college move to New York to make their way, they're broke, adrift, and buoyed only by their friendship and ambition. There is kind, handsome Willem, an aspiring actor; JB, a quick-witted, sometimes cruel Brooklyn-born painter seeking entry to the art world; Malcolm, a frustrated architect at a prominent firm; and withdrawn, brilliant, enigmatic Jude, who serves as their center of gravity. Over the decades, their relationships deepen and darken, tinged by addiction, success, and pride. Yet their greatest challenge, each comes to realize, is Jude himself, by midlife a terrifyingly talented litigator yet an increasingly broken man, his mind and body scarred by an unspeakable childhood, and haunted by what he fears is a degree of trauma that he’ll not only be unable to overcome—but that will define his life forever.","March 10, 2015",507518,80385,"['Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'LGBT', 'Literary Fiction', 'Queer', 'Adult', 'Mental Health']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22822858,22822858
Twisted Hate,"  He hates her...almost as much as he wants her.  Gorgeous, cocky, and fast on his way to becoming a hotshot doctor, Josh Chen has never met a woman he couldn’t charm—except for Jules f**king Ambrose.The beautiful redhead has been a thorn in his side since they met, but she also consumes his thoughts in a way no woman ever has.When their animosity explodes into one unforgettable night, he proposes a solution that’ll get her out of his system once and for all: an enemies with benefits arrangement with simple rules.No jealousy.No strings attached.And absolutely no falling in love.**Outgoing and ambitious, Jules Ambrose is a former party girl who’s focused on one thing: passing the attorney’s bar exam.The last thing she needs is to get involved with a doctor who puts the SUFFER in insufferable…no matter how good-looking he is.But the more she gets to know him, the more she realizes there’s more than meets the eye to the man she’s hated for so long.Her best friend’s brother.Her nemesis.And her only salvation.Theirs is a match made in hell, and when the demons from their past catch up with them, they’re faced with truths that could either save them …or destroy everything they’ve worked for.Twisted Hate is a steamy enemies with benefits/enemies to lovers romance. It's book three in the Twisted series but can be read as a standalone.Warning: It contains explicit content, profanity, and topics that may be sensitive to some readers. For details, please see content notes inside the book. Recommended for 18+.","January 27, 2022",269433,24870,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/56688531,56688531
The Midnight Library,"Between life and death there is a library, and within that library, the shelves go on forever. Every book provides a chance to try another life you could have lived. To see how things would be if you had made other choices . . . Would you have done anything different, if you had the chance to undo your regrets? A novel about all the choices that go into a life well lived.Somewhere out beyond the edge of the universe there is a library that contains an infinite number of books, each one the story of another reality. One tells the story of your life as it is, along with another book for the other life you could have lived if you had made a different choice at any point in your life. While we all wonder how our lives might have been, what if you had the chance to go to the library and see for yourself? Would any of these other lives truly be better?Nora Seed finds herself faced with this decision. Faced with the possibility of changing her life for a new one, following a different career, undoing old breakups, realizing her dreams of becoming a glaciologist; she must search within herself as she travels through the Midnight Library to decide what is truly fulfilling in life, and what makes it worth living in the first place.","August 13, 2020",1513070,161751,"['Fiction', 'Fantasy', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'Magical Realism', 'Adult', 'Science Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52578297,52578297
Too Much,"THALIAOnly regret the things you haven't done.Three suitcases and eight-hundred dollars to my name. That’s all I had when I fled my home country and moved halfway across the world to California. Escaping my past is easy when everyone I loved, and everyone I never met, deemed me public enemy number one. Making sure my past stays buried should be easy too. That’s until he comes along. I should stay away, protect my secret, and build my life from the ground up, but...He's not a regret I want to have.THEOEntitled. Arrogant. Loaded. Equipped. Player.The list goes on. I’ve been labelled since I can remember. I earned most of those labels too. And I regret nothing. Life is too short for regret. I live mine as if it’ll end tomorrow... until she enters the bar; confident, sensible, and funny in her own special way. Walking, talking, breathing perfection. So why am I holding myself back on a short leash?Good question.","September 2, 2022",8935,577,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Erotica', 'New Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/62096763,62096763
the sun and her flowers,"From Rupi Kaur, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of milk and honey, comes her long-awaited second collection of poetry. A vibrant and transcendent journey about growth and healing. Ancestry and honoring one’s roots. Expatriation and rising up to find a home within yourself. Divided into five chapters and illustrated by Kaur, the sun and her flowers is a journey of wilting, falling, rooting, rising, and blooming. A celebration of love in all its forms. this is the recipe of life said my mother as she held me in her arms as i wept think of those flowers you plant in the garden each year they will teach you that people too must wilt fall root rise in order to bloom","September 18, 2018",321186,18045,"['Poetry', 'Feminism', 'Nonfiction', 'Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Romance', 'Mental Health']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35606560,35606560
"Sincerely, The Puck Bunny","Spoiler alert…Briggs Wilson, the NHL’s most notorious bad boy isn’t actually who everyone thinks he is.He’s kind, compassionate, loyal.And plot twist?The best baby daddy ever.Yep, you read that right.One night.. One mind blowing night that ended with me having a baby with someone I barely knew.We had a plan.Co-parent, raise our son and put him first. Always.Too bad I never considered actually falling for my charming baby daddy.Even better?He wanted our family, more than anything.The problem?I have a secret.One that could destroy everything.Sincerely,The Puck Bunny","Published January 6, 2021",6731,644,"['Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'Hockey', 'Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/58913043,58913043
The Godparent Trap,"Life's Too Short  meets The Unhoneymooners in this sparkling, steamy, and swoon-worthy novel from #1  New York Times bestselling author Rachel Van Dyken, in which two sworn enemies must share house, home—and maybe their hearts—when they become co-parents after a sudden loss.Colby's living her best as a popular food blogger, she gets to fulfill her dreams of exploring the globe. But her world comes crashing down when a tragic accident leaves her co-guardian of her best friend's two adorable children. Not only does she need to put down roots—fast—but she'll be sharing custody with the one man she can't stand sharing a continent with, let alone a house.  Accountant-extraordinaire Rip values rules and plans. But when he loses his sister and his best friend and becomes an insta-guardian all in one night, Rip sees his organized life imploding. What he really doesn't need is his sister's irresponsible, flighty—albeit kind and gorgeous—best friend making it worse.Rip doesn't trust Colby to take their new responsibilities seriously, while Colby can't believe Rip thinks children will thrive under his rigid control. Yet soon Rip and Colby discover they need each other more than they hate each other. Could it be possible that following their hearts is just what their new little family needs?","July 19, 2022",6183,1534,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Fiction', 'Adult', 'Chick Lit', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/58950955,58950955
Flawless,"The rules were simple. Keep my hands off his daughter and stay out of trouble.But now I’m stuck with her. There’s only one bed. And well, rules are made to be broken.I’m the face of professional bull riding—the golden boy. Or at least I was, until it all blew up in my face. Now my agent says I have to clean up my image, so I’m stuck with his ball-busting daughter for the rest of the season as my “full-time supervision.”But I don’t need a goddamn babysitter, especially one with skin-tight jeans, a sexy smirk, and a mouth she can’t stop running.A mouth I can’t stop thinking about.Because Summer isn’t just another conquest. She sees the man behind the mask, and she doesn’t run—she pulls me closer, even when she shouldn’t.She says this means nothing.I say this means everything.She says there are boundaries we shouldn’t cross. That my reputation can’t take any more hits—and neither can her damaged heart.I say I’m going to steal it anyway.","June 24, 2022",112638,12679,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Sports', 'Westerns', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/60755618,60755618
Icebreaker,"Anastasia Allen has worked her entire life for a shot at Team USA.A competitive figure skater since she was five years old, a full college scholarship thanks to her place on the Maple Hills skating team, and a schedule that would make even the most driven person weep, Stassie comes to win.No exceptions.Nathan Hawkins has never had a problem he couldn’t solve. As captain of the Maple Hills Titans, he knows the responsibility of keeping the hockey team on the ice rests on his shoulders.When a misunderstanding results in the two teams sharing a rink, and Anastasia’s partner gets hurt in the aftermath, Nate finds himself swapping his stick for tights, and one scary coach for an even scarier one.The pair find themselves stuck together in more ways than one, but it’s fine, because Anastasia doesn’t even like hockey players…right?","August 23, 2022",378155,48637,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary', 'Hockey', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61767292,61767292
A Favor for a Favor,"From the New York Times bestselling author of Pucked and A Lie for a Lie, a new stand-alone romance about trading favors, battling wills, and winning love.When I joined Seattle’s NHL expansion team, I thought it was the start of something great. But nothing ever goes the way you expect. Take my introduction to my new neighbor. She came rolling in on the hot mess express at midnight, making a racket while she tried to get into my team captain’s apartment. Did I mention that he’s married to a woman who definitely was not her?Imagine my surprise when I end up with an injury that has me out of the game for weeks, and she’s the one to offer to help me. I should probably add that she’s not the captain’s mistress. She’s his sexy, pastel-haired younger sister.So we come up with an arrangement: she rehabs me so that I can get back on the ice sooner, and she can add a professional athlete that isn’t her brother to her client list. Seems simple enough. As long as I can keep my hands to myself and my hormones in check.","January 28, 2020",28856,2634,"['Sports Romance', 'Romance', 'Sports', 'Hockey', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50155745,50155745
Babel: An Arcane History,"From award-winning author R. F. Kuang comes Babel, a historical fantasy epic that grapples with student revolutions, colonial resistance, and the use of language and translation as the dominating tool of the British EmpireTraduttore, traditore: An act of translation is always an act of betrayal.1828. Robin Swift, orphaned by cholera in Canton, is brought to London by the mysterious Professor Lovell. There, he trains for years in Latin, Ancient Greek, and Chinese, all in preparation for the day he’ll enroll in Oxford University’s prestigious Royal Institute of Translation—also known as Babel. The tower and its students are the world's center for translation and, more importantly, magic. Silver-working—the art of manifesting the meaning lost in translation using enchanted silver bars—has made the British unparalleled in power, as the arcane craft serves the Empire's quest for colonization.For Robin, Oxford is a utopia dedicated to the pursuit of knowledge. But knowledge obeys power, and as a Chinese boy raised in Britain, Robin realizes serving Babel means betraying his motherland. As his studies progress, Robin finds himself caught between Babel and the shadowy Hermes Society, an organization dedicated to stopping imperial expansion. When Britain pursues an unjust war with China over silver and opium, Robin must decide . . .Can powerful institutions be changed from within, or does revolution always require violence?","August 23, 2022",135722,27846,"['Fantasy', 'Historical Fiction', 'Fiction', 'Historical', 'Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Historical Fantasy']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/57945316,57945316
Darling Venom,"My first love ended in tragedy.My second began with his brother.From Wall Street Journal bestseller Parker S. Huntington comes a broken love story laced with angst and forbidden romance.I wasn’t supposed to be on that roof on Valentine’s Day.Neither was Kellan Marchetti, the school’s designated freak.We met on the verge of ending our lives.Somehow, the tattered strings of our tragedies tangled and tightened into an unlikely bond.We decided not to take the plunge and agreed to check on each other every Valentine’s Day until school ended.Same time.One roof.Two restless souls.We kept our promise for three years.On the fourth, Kellan made a decision, and I was left to deal with the consequences.Just when I thought our story ended, another one began.They say all love stories look the same and taste different.Mine was venomous, disgraceful, and written in scarlet scars.My name is Charlotte Richards, but you can call me Venom.","December 11, 2021",47167,7063,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Mental Health', 'New Adult', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/59766350,59766350
Irresistible Trouble,"Want your heart broken? Give it to Cooper Rock.He’s funny. Charming. Loyal to a fault. Adores his family. Builds up his teammates. And he’s baseball’s biggest playboy. He might be a good man, but he is not the settling down type.But eight years after he left me broken-hearted on a beach, he walks back into my life. One look, and I’m falling for him all over again.I know better.I do.Except our past? It’s not as clear-cut as I thought it was. And our future?This older, wiser, hotter, funnier, determined Cooper is the man of my dreams. And when he tells me he’s done with his playboy ways, I believe him. Except his pro sports career and my life as a pop star have us perpetually running in different directions. Is this Broken Heartsville, the remix, or can we somehow find a way to make our second chance work?Irresistible Trouble is a hilarious home run of a romcom about a baseball player whose ego is catching up to him, a pop star who’s a bit of a hot mess when the cameras aren’t looking (and sometimes when they are), and the kind of family and teammates that everyone deserves… in small doses.While this laugh-out-loud romance stands alone with a sweet-swoony HEA, you won’t go wrong if you dive into the entire Fireballs series, starting with Jock Blocked. And for more Cooper Rock cameos, check out Master Baker (a standalone featuring Cooper’s brother) and Pippa Grant's Bro Code series.","September 29, 2022",3792,464,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Baseball', 'Music']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61409361,61409361
Only For Tonight,"Spotting a hooker on a city street corner is not an abnormal thing.Me bringing one home? Well, that's a first.But this girl . . . She's in trouble.And this asshole is not a guy she wants to go home with.So I do the exact thing I shouldn't—I offer to bring her home with me instead. She says this is the first time she's ever done this, which is adorably ironic. Then proceeds to tell me a sob story about needing money to care for the baby who was left on her doorstep. That's when my stomach starts to clench. I think she might be telling the truth. So I do what any respectable man would do—I take her home, stopping to pick up diapers and formula on the way—and discover that she was telling the truth all along.I should have just kept walking.I should have done a thousand other things except for barge into her sad life, offer to fix everything, fall for her . . .Please note, this title was previously published as Finding Alexei","December 26, 2018",6048,734,"['Romance', 'Sports', 'Sports Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Football']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55421811,55421811
Intoxicate,"
Marry me.
Two words Kalli Montgomery never expected to say out loud to Xavier Cruz, even though she's been in love with the sexy, single father for as long as she can remember. Unfortunately, she hasn't just been friend-zoned for the past ten years. No, even worse, he's treated her like a little sister, no matter how hard she tried to prove she could be so much more. When she agrees to spend the summer as the caregiver for his daughter, Lily, she knows it's her last chance to finally make him take notice. As unexpected circumstances threaten to disrupt his home life, Xavier's desperate to keep his family together. He'll do whatever it takes, even if it means marrying a woman he doesn't love. For Xavier and Lily, Kalli will do just about anything, even at the risk of getting her heart broken in the process. Little does she know, sometimes love isn't quite as unrequited as one may think. Xavier sees her-he always has. And the vow he made all those years ago never to go there with his best friend's little sister is wavering, and it's wavering fast. When they come up with a plan that leads to wedding bells, it's a no brainer. This marriage of convenience has one rule: 
absolutely no falling in love. 
 Easier said than done. Throw together a girl who believes rules are meant to be broken, and a man whose whole career revolves around following orders and you get a recipe for disaster. What could possibly go wrong?","January 23, 2015",1671,206,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Military Fiction', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Military Romance', 'Childrens']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22018571,22018571
Nuts,"Roxie Callahan is a private chef to some of Hollywood’s wealthiest, and nastiest, calorie-counting wives. After a dairy disaster implodes her carefully crafted career in one fell ploop, she finds herself back home in upstate New York, bailing out her hippie mother and running the family diner.When gorgeous local farmer Leo Maxwell delivers her a lovely bunch of organic walnuts, Roxie wonders if a summer back home isn’t such a bad idea after all. Leo is heavily involved in the sustainable slow food movement, and he likes to take his time. In all things. Roxie is determined to head back to the west coast as soon as summer ends, but will the pull of lazy fireflies and her very own Almanzo Wilder be enough to keep her home for good?Salty. Spicy. Sweet. Nuts. Go on, grab a handful.","October 20, 2015",19362,2097,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Humor', 'Chick Lit', 'Adult', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25056208,25056208
Wait For Me,"
My life is a mess. Literally.
  I’m a single dad, which means If I’m not cleaning up spilled milk or changing a diaper, I’m pulling gum from my daughter’s hair. I barely have enough time to eat—let alone sleep.  And women? Forget about it. That ship sailed two years ago along with my ex-wife. My brother says I need to get laid. I say, screw that. I’m content with my life, until pop star Nora Hayes walks through my best friend’s front door and flips my world upside down.  She’s beautiful, famous, and completely off limits.  
My life is a headline waiting to happen. Literally.
  It all started with fishnet stockings and ended with a baseball bat to my boyfriend’s Porsche, putting me on the front page of every newspaper and gossip magazine in the country.  My life is spiraling out of control and I’m ready to make some serious changes. What I’m not ready for is a hunky man to strut his jean clad tush into my life. Grayson Calhoun is as rugged as he is sweet. He’s also way in over his head with his kids, and I have an offer I’m hoping he can’t refuse.  What starts as an agreement, turns to a friendship, and quickly escalates to stolen kisses and heated nights spent wrapped in each other’s arms. What we have is temporary. I promise him that I won’t fall in love.  But I make that promise already knowing it’s a lie.     ","July 23, 2019",1275,219,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Music', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Childrens']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45728175,45728175
Memories of Mistletoe,"He's not made for relationships. Especially not the kind she wants...Mason Parker doesn't believe in love. Sure, he cares about people. His younger brother, for example. That's why he's bringing him all the way to an abandoned cabin in the mountains to straighten him out.But love? That's for fairytales. And people who haven't had the hope knocked out of them.People like his brand new Little-Miss-Sunshine neighbor with the golden hair and unwavering smile.Alaska Winter is a pure romantic. Her silver linings always outnumber the clouds. So when two hulking brothers move into the abandoned shack next door, she puts on a smile and introduces herself.And gets knocked back.That's okay. She'll just be neighborly from a distance. She won't notice the way Mason's muscles flex whenever he uses an axe, or the way his eyes are like flint whenever he looks at her.And he won't notice the way she plays with her dog in the snow when she's only wearing skimpy pajamas.Neighbors. That's all they'll be. What could possibly go wrong?","Published September 1, 2022",2204,161,"['Romance', 'Christmas', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Holiday', 'Adult', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/62294282,62294282
Redeemed,"Santiago AlatorreOne mistake destroys my career. I go from most eligible bachelor to monster, hiding from the world. At least until Chloe breaks into my home. My new fake girlfriend is a temporary fix to my biggest problem. But as our game changes, so do my feelings.There’s only one issue stopping me from claiming her. Me. Chloe CarterIt all started with a birthday wish, some vodka, and an ancestry kit. That’s how I end up in Italy, finding my long-lost father. But one decision lands me a fake boyfriend I don’t want. The more we pretend, the easier our ruse becomes. I told myself not to fall in love with a liar like Santiago. I should have listened. Redeemed is a steamy standalone in the Dirty Air world.","January 23, 2021",47834,5196,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53188931,53188931
Hothead,"He's the hottest player in Major League Baseball, the most notorious playboy in all of Manhattan... And my fake fiancé for the next three months. ...  I was drunk-dialing my ex the night I met him.  Six-three, sexy as sin and so incredibly rude I could smack the asshole smirk right off his face. Long story short, we got off to a bad start. But when the tabloids interpret our sparring as Drew Maddox ""groveling"" with a ""mystery brunette,"" his agent presents us both a proposal:  Shacking up as a couple this summer.  It’s an alleged “win-win.” I need to prove to my ex that I'm fine. Drew needs to prove to his team that he's stable. Thanks to his on-field brawling and never-ending lady drama, Drew Maddox has suddenly found himself on the trade block - which means he needs a fast, easy way to show the team that he's settled down.  Hence this fiance thing.  Our fights are real, our kisses are fake, and thanks to the nonstop heat between us, I’m starting to mix up all my signs. But whether it’s real or fake, there’s one thing I do know:  I’m already addicted.  *** HOTHEAD is a standalone in the Irresistible Series *** Sweet Spot - Lukas & Lia Bad Boss - Julian & Sara Dirty Deeds - Emmett & Aly Hothead - Drew & Evie","Published April 1, 2018",6344,647,"['Sports', 'Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Baseball', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39702801,39702801
Chasing Love,"He was my first love.Shattered me, then left without a goodbye.Eight years have passed, and now he's back.But, I'm engaged.And he will do anything to make sure I'm his...again.I've fought hard to rebuild my life. So when the ever-so-perfect Julian Baker proposes marriage, I'm ready to forget the past and move on with my new love.In a cruel twist of fate, my past and future collide. I'm forced to face the man who destroyed my heart back in high school.Lex Edwards, turned billionaire tycoon, is ruthless, cunning, and will not stop until I'm his.A complicated love triangle was never something I imagined when Julian proposed to me. Especially not involving Lex.Hearts and egos are bound to be broken.But whose heart will capture mine when the darkness fades? **This title was previously published as Into the Darkness. It has been extensively rewritten, re-edited, and has a steamy new cover**","July 5, 2020",26188,1712,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Love', 'New Adult', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54256265,54256265
The Inn on Harmony Island,"It's the moment that Harmony Island has been waiting for: the reading of Charlotte Cane's will.After I returned to my small hometown six months ago to attend my estranged grandmother's funeral, I swore I would never go back. That is, until my grandmother's lawyer calls me up. If I don't return to Harmony Island and fulfill my grandmother's stipulations, the generationally owned family inn will be turned over to the state and sold off to the highest bidder--my grandmother's rival and mother to the man who broke my heart, Missy Willis.I'm not sure I'm strong enough to return home, but I also know, I can't let Miss Willis win. So I pack up my belongings and head for North Carolina.I'm determined to stay distant, living in the small cottage next to the inn, and keep my head down. But in a small town where everyone knows your name, that becomes difficult. Soon, my past catches up with me and I'm faced with the history I've buried for so long. Just when I reach my breaking point, Miles, the single dad living at the inn, swoops in to my life to rescue me. He was my protector in my childhood, my enemy in my teenage years, and now?Now, I'm not so sure. Especially when his love for his daughter is contagious, or the way he looks at me when he doesn't know I see him. I'm so confused and I want to run away like I did in the past, but I can't. And when Miles touches me like that...I don't want to.Luckily, I find a friend in Abigail, the local bookstore owner. She's one of the only residents who doesn't know about my past and seems to be looking for the same thing I am, a place to belong.The Inn on Harmony Island is chock full of romance, redemption, and forgiveness. If you're looking for your next summer read, grab your copy today! It is the first book in the Sweet Tea and a Southern Gentleman series and ends on a cliff hanger.","June 25, 2022",6173,499,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Fiction', 'Chick Lit', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/59933620,59933620
You Can Have Manhattan,"You are cordially invited to the worst wedding of the century.  Sydney Evans is no stranger to hard work. It’s the one constant in her life. And with no family or friends to speak of it’s been easy to pour everything she has into her career as general counsel for Blackstone Holdings.  She wants for nothing. Until her boss offers her a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. All she has to do in return is marry his good-for-nothing son.  Scott Blackstone used be a party whore. Pardon, party animal. He hasn’t been that guy in a long time though. Not since he moved to Wyoming, bought a failing cattle ranch, and turned it into a profitable business.  All is good. Until a phone call from his father threatens the quiet, simple life he’s built. Marry or lose everything. And to a woman who can’t stand him, no less. Well, Scott is not going down without a fight. He’s never going back to Manhattan. Not if he can help it. ","September 9, 2019",8675,1027,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Westerns', 'Marriage']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52109335,52109335
Managed,"It started off as a battle of wits. Me: the ordinary girl with a big mouth against Him: the sexy bastard with a big...ego.I thought I’d hit the jackpot when I was upgraded to first class on my flight to London.That is until HE sat next to me. Gabriel Scott: handsome as sin, cold as ice. Nothing and no one gets to him. Ever. He’s a legend in his own right, the manager of the biggest rock band in the world, and an arrogant ass who looks down his nose at me.I thought I’d give him hell for one, long flight. I didn’t expect to like him. I didn’t expect to want him. But the biggest surprise? He wants me too. Only in a way I didn’t see coming.If I accept his proposal, I leave myself open to falling for the one man I can’t manage. But I’m tempted to say yes. Because the real man beneath those perfect suits and that cool façade just might be the best thing that’s ever happened to me. And I just might be the only one who can melt the ice around his heart.Let the battle begin…","November 14, 2016",34684,3659,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Music', 'Humor', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30325011,30325011
Two Weeks Notice,"To Whom It May Concern:  I am writing this letter to formally announce my resignation from Parker International (& the arrogant, condescending CEO) effective two weeks from today.  This was a VERY EASY decision to make, as the past two years have been utterly miserable. I wish his next executive assistant all the luck in the world (she'll need it) and if my boss should need me to do anything over the next two weeks, kindly tell him that he can do it [his] goddamn self...  Sincerely (Not Really), Tara Lauren  That’s the version of my two weeks’ notice I should’ve sent to my boss, because the more professional version - the one where I said I was ""grateful for all the opportunities,"" and ""honored by all the rewarding experiences"" over the years?  That letter was rejected with his sexy, trademark smirk and an “I highly suggest you read the fine print of your contract...”  So, I did.  And now I've realized that unless I fake my death, poison him, or find a way to renegotiate my impossible contract, I’m stuck working under one of the cockiest and most ruthless bosses in New York.  Then again, I thought that was the case until he called me late last night with an emergency proposition...  **This is a standalone contemporary romance.**","July 19, 2018",31820,2853,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Humor', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40881450,40881450
A Different Blue,"Blue Echohawk doesn't know who she is. She doesn't know her real name or when she was born. Abandoned at two and raised by a drifter, she didn't attend school until she was ten years old. At nineteen, when most kids her age are attending college or moving on with life, she is just a senior in high school. With no mother, no father, no faith, and no future, Blue Echohawk is a difficult student, to say the least. Tough, hard and overtly sexy, she is the complete opposite of the young British teacher who decides he is up for the challenge, and takes the troublemaker under his wing. This is the story of a nobody who becomes somebody. It is the story of an unlikely friendship, where hope fosters healing and redemption becomes love. But falling in love can be hard when you don't know who you are. Falling in love with someone who knows exactly who they are and exactly why they can't love you back might be impossible.","March 29, 2013",34625,3817,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Young Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Fiction', 'High School']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29698573,29698573
Brutal Prince,"He’s No Prince Charming…Callum Griffin is the heir to the Irish Mafia. He’s ruthless, arrogant, and he wants to kill me.We got off on the wrong foot when I set a (very small) fire in his house.Our families believe a marriage pact is the only thing that will prevent all-out warfare.I think I might need to murder him while he sleeps.This would all be a lot easier if Callum wasn’t so damned good-looking.But I’ve got a lockbox around my heart. Because even if I’m forced to marry him…I could never love a brutal prince.“Brutal Prince” is the explosive first act in the epic “Brutal Birthright” series. It’s a stand-alone Dark Mafia Romance, complete with HEA and no cliffhangers. It contains blazing hot bedroom scenes for mature readers only!!!","July 15, 2020",113110,11405,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Dark', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54278218,54278218
Say Yes to the Boss,"My billionaire boss is the absolute last person I’d marry. Until a deal with the devil forces me down the aisle... ready to say yes to the boss.I once compared Victor St. Clair to Satan, but that’s unkind. Even the devil treats his demons better than St. Clair treats me. I know his schedule by heart. He can’t remember my first name.So when he calls me into his office, I’m expecting another rant. Instead he says he needs to get married to inherit the St. Clair fortune. Oh, and the kicker? He wants to marry me. His assistant.A one-year marriage of convenience to the boss I hate.It means living with Victor’s dark stares and silences for a full year. But it’s also a chance to quit my job and start my own business. He’s a jerk, but he’s also a respected businessman. How hard can it be?Answer: very. Because there’s more to Victor than I thought. Things beyond learning his lunch orders and sending company memos. And while the man is cold, his kisses are hot enough to consume us both.He drove me crazy at work. Now he drives me crazy in bed. But craziest of all is… I might get used to being Mrs. St. Clair.","Published October 8, 2021",7844,442,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'Audiobook', 'Marriage']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/58801615,58801615
The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life,"Alternate cover edition of ISBN 9780062457738In this generation-defining self-help guide, a superstar blogger cuts through the crap to show us how to stop trying to be ""positive"" all the time so that we can truly become better, happier people.For decades, we’ve been told that positive thinking is the key to a happy, rich life. ""F**k positivity,"" Mark Manson says. ""Let’s be honest, shit is f**ked and we have to live with it."" In his wildly popular Internet blog, Manson doesn’t sugarcoat or equivocate. He tells it like it is—a dose of raw, refreshing, honest truth that is sorely lacking today. The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F**k is his antidote to the coddling, let’s-all-feel-good mindset that has infected American society and spoiled a generation, rewarding them with gold medals just for showing up.Manson makes the argument, backed both by academic research and well-timed poop jokes, that improving our lives hinges not on our ability to turn lemons into lemonade, but on learning to stomach lemons better. Human beings are flawed and limited—""not everybody can be extraordinary, there are winners and losers in society, and some of it is not fair or your fault."" Manson advises us to get to know our limitations and accept them. Once we embrace our fears, faults, and uncertainties, once we stop running and avoiding and start confronting painful truths, we can begin to find the courage, perseverance, honesty, responsibility, curiosity, and forgiveness we seek.There are only so many things we can give a f**k about so we need to figure out which ones really matter, Manson makes clear. While money is nice, caring about what you do with your life is better, because true wealth is about experience. A much-needed grab-you-by-the-shoulders-and-look-you-in-the-eye moment of real-talk, filled with entertaining stories and profane, ruthless humor, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F**k is a refreshing slap for a generation to help them lead contented, grounded lives.","January 1, 2017",1006320,55648,"['Nonfiction', 'Self Help', 'Psychology', 'Audiobook', 'Personal Development', 'Philosophy', 'Business']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28257707,28257707
Love and Other Words,"
The story of the heart can never be unwritten.
Macy Sorensen is settling into an ambitious if emotionally tepid routine: work hard as a new pediatrics resident, plan her wedding to an older, financially secure man, keep her head down and heart tucked away.But when she runs into Elliot Petropoulos—the first and only love of her life—the careful bubble she’s constructed begins to dissolve. Once upon a time, Elliot was Macy’s entire world—growing from her gangly bookish friend into the man who coaxed her heart open again after the loss of her mother...only to break it on the very night he declared his love for her.Told in alternating timelines between Then and Now, teenage Elliot and Macy grow from friends to much more—spending weekends and lazy summers together in a house outside of San Francisco devouring books, sharing favorite words, and talking through their growing pains and triumphs. As adults, they have become strangers to one another until their chance reunion. Although their memories are obscured by the agony of what happened that night so many years ago, Elliot will come to understand the truth behind Macy’s decade-long silence, and will have to overcome the past and himself to revive her faith in the possibility of an all-consuming love.Love, loss, friendship, and the betrayals of the past all collide in this first fiction novel from New York Times and #1 international bestselling author Christina Lauren (Autoboyography, Dating You / Hating You).","April 10, 2018",450263,53133,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36206591,36206591
Call Me Crazy,"It was the perfect plan.I needed a wife—temporarily—in order to inherit the family business.And she needed a favor—the kind that takes nine months to deliver.We had it all worked out, from the no-touching policy on our wedding night (her rule) to the no-falling-in-love decree (mine). She’d marry me, I’d give her the means to have the baby she’d always wanted, and one year later we’d amicably part ways with no hassle, no demands, and certainly no regrets.After all, Bianca DeRossi and I are experts at infuriating one another—we’ve been doing it since we were kids. Trouble is, she grew up gorgeous and feisty, and she still knows exactly how to get under my skin.And that wedding night? Well, it doesn’t exactly go down hands-free.Then she moves in with me, and I really start to lose my mind. From her sexy little pout to her wicked sense of humor to those meatball sandwiches she makes just because she knows they’re my favorite . . . I find myself wanting to break every rule we put in place.Our story was never supposed to end with happily ever after.But call me crazy, I just might be in love with my wife.","February 12, 2021",19462,1681,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Humor', 'Marriage']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/56916467,56916467
Wuthering Heights,"You can find the redesigned cover of this edition HERE.At the centre of this novel is the passionate love between Catherine Earnshaw and Heathcliff - recounted with such emotional intensity that a plain tale of the Yorkshire moors acquires the depth and simplicity of ancient tragedy.This best-selling Norton Critical Edition is based on the 1847 first edition of the novel. For the Fourth Edition, the editor has collated the 1847 text with several modern editions and has corrected a number of variants, including accidentals. The text is accompanied by entirely new explanatory annotations.New to the fourth Edition are twelve of Emily Bronte's letters regarding the publication of the 1847 edition of Wuthering Heights as well as the evolution of the 1850 edition, prose and poetry selections by the author, four reviews of the novel, and poetry selections by the author, four reviews of the novel, and Edward Chitham's insightful and informative chronology of the creative process behind the beloved work.Five major critical interpretations of Wuthering Heights are included, three of them new to the Fourth Edition. A Stuart Daley considers the importance of chronology in the novel. J. Hillis Miller examines Wuthering Heights's problems of genre and critical reputation. Sandra M. Gilbert assesses the role of Victorian Christianity plays in the novel, while Martha Nussbaum traces the novel's romanticism. Finally, Lin Haire-Sargeant scrutinizes the role of Heathcliff in film adaptations of Wuthering Heights. A Chronology and updated Selected Bibliography are also included.","December 1, 1847",1723798,56927,"['Classics', 'Fiction', 'Romance', 'Gothic', 'Historical Fiction', 'Literature', '19th Century']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6185,6185
Oliver Twist,"A gripping portrayal of London's dark criminal underbelly, published in Penguin Classics with an introduction by Philip Horne.The story of Oliver Twist - orphaned, and set upon by evil and adversity from his first breath - shocked readers when it was published. After running away from the workhouse and pompous beadle Mr Bumble, Oliver finds himself lured into a den of thieves peopled by vivid and memorable characters - the Artful Dodger, vicious burglar Bill Sikes, his dog Bull's Eye, and prostitute Nancy, all watched over by cunning master-thief Fagin. Combining elements of Gothic Romance, the Newgate Novel and popular melodrama, Dickens created an entirely new kind of fiction, scathing in its indictment of a cruel society, and pervaded by an unforgettable sense of threat and mystery.This Penguin Classics edition of Oliver Twist is the first critical edition to faithfully reproduce the text as its earliest readers would have encountered it from its serialisation in Bentley's Miscellany, and includes an introduction by Philip Horne, a glossary of Victorian thieves' slang, a chronology of Dickens's life, a map of contemporary London and all of George Cruikshank's original illustrations.For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.","January 1, 1838",376642,10112,"['Classics', 'Fiction', 'Historical Fiction', 'Literature', 'Novels', '19th Century', 'Classic Literature']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18254,18254
The Odyssey,"Sing to me of the man, Muse, the man of twists and turnsdriven time and again off course, once he had plunderedthe hallowed heights of Troy.So begins Robert Fagles' magnificent translation of the Odyssey.If the Iliad is the world's greatest war epic, then the Odyssey is literature's grandest evocation of everyman's journey though life. Odysseus' reliance on his wit and wiliness for survival in his encounters with divine and natural forces, during his ten-year voyage home to Ithaca after the Trojan War, is at once a timeless human story and an individual test of moral endurance. In the myths and legends that are retold here, Fagles has captured the energy and poetry of Homer's original in a bold, contemporary idiom, and given us an Odyssey to read aloud, to savor, and to treasure for its sheer lyrical mastery.Renowned classicist Bernard Knox's superb Introduction and textual commentary provide new insights and background information for the general reader and scholar alike, intensifying the strength of Fagles' translation.This is an Odyssey to delight both the classicist and the public at large, and to captivate a new generation of Homer's students.--Robert Fagles, winner of the PEN/Ralph Manheim Medal for Translation and a 1996 Academy Award in Literature from the American Academy of Arts and Letters, presents us with Homer's best-loved and most accessible poem in a stunning new modern-verse translation.","January 1, 701",1036818,17756,"['Classics', 'Fiction', 'Poetry', 'Mythology', 'Fantasy', 'School', 'Literature']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1381,1381
Fractured Freedom,"Is it so bad that I tricked my older brother’s best friend into taking my virginity?Maybe.In my defense, it was Dante Reid—my crush, my first love, and the one I ended up pushing away.Our paths split in opposite directions.I went to college on one coast while he returned to work with the US Army on the other.The end.Or so I thought.After graduating and attempting a bucket list of self-discovery, guess who I find standing outside the jail, bailing me out from a crime I didn’t commit?Dante freaking Reid—this time with more muscles, more tattoos, and more demands.One of which is to move in across the hall from him so he can keep me safe. Like I need protection after a little felony mix-up.I don’t.Unless it’s from him.Because Dante has been my downfall before …And living next to the guy I gave my innocence to a long time ago may actually end in my complete devastation.Shain Rose is back with another light mafia standalone romance with forced proximity, steam, and bucket list to cross off. This is a standalone romance with 95,000+ words.","July 21, 2022",30529,1680,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Dark', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Military Fiction', 'Adult', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61435016,61435016
Tease,"FelicityI didn’t mean to say I was engaged to a hot billionaire–it just slipped out.In my defense, I’d had a really bad haircut, a really strong drink, and I was trying to save face in front of the Mean Girl at my high school reunion.Lucky for me, I happen to know a hot billionaire. Hutton French and I have been friends forever, and even though big social gatherings are not his thing, I called him from the coat closet and begged him for a favor–show up and play my fake fiancé for the night.Except that word of our engagement spreads like wildfire. Our families are ecstatic. We’re front page news. My little food blog is launched into the stratosphere.Of course, I offer to set the record straight right away, but Hutton wants to give it a little time–the phony engagement is keeping his matrimony-mad mother and every matchmaking granny in town off his back.He even suggests I move in with him to make the ruse more real.And we don’t stop there.We practice kissing. Undressing each other. Saying things–and doing things–we’d never dare if we weren’t pretending. Because it’s all for show, right? We’re just role-playing. Hutton doesn’t want a real relationship, and I don’t want to get hurt. But the more time we spend faking it, the more I start to wonder.Could Hutton French and I actually be right for each other, or is it all just one big tease?","July 11, 2022",28628,2329,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Mental Health', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/60576722,60576722
Grayson's Vow,"Kira Dallaire is desperate.Some challenges in life seem too hard to overcome. With little money, and even fewer options, the quick-witted and vibrant twenty-two-year-old needs to reinvent herself. Known for her generous heart and impulsive personality, she devises a survival plan, possibly her most outrageous idea yet. Grayson Hawthorn is losing hope.Some obstacles in life seem too hard to overcome. Betrayal definitely being one of them. With limited capital, and dwindling resources, he is attempting to resurrect his failing family vineyard, a self-imposed vow seemingly destined to fail. That is until a young woman enters his office with an outlandish, unexpected proposition impossible to refuse. What begins as a temporary business arrangement, soon evolves into more as vivacious, spirited Kira challenges detached, arrogant Grayson to want more from life. To want more for himself. But as their wills clash and fiery passion ignites, they'll realize that sometimes the past creates walls too difficult to climb, and that lies and deception rarely precede a happily every after.As Kira and Grayson race toward their destiny, they will discover that some vows are meant to be broken, and others are worth risking everything for . . . even your very own heart.THIS IS A STANDALONE SIGN OF LOVE NOVEL, INSPIRED BY LIBRA. New Adult Contemporary Romance: Due to strong language and sexual content, this book is not intended for readers under the age of 18.","September 10, 2015",25706,2910,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Humor', 'Abuse']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25167898,25167898
Ugly Love,"When Tate Collins meets airline pilot Miles Archer, she knows it isn’t love at first sight. They wouldn’t even go so far as to consider themselves friends. The only thing Tate and Miles have in common is an undeniable mutual attraction. Once their desires are out in the open, they realize they have the perfect set-up. He doesn’t want love, she doesn’t have time for love, so that just leaves the sex. Their arrangement could be surprisingly seamless, as long as Tate can stick to the only two rules Miles has for her.Never ask about the past.Don’t expect a future.They think they can handle it, but realize almost immediately they can’t handle it at all.Hearts get infiltrated.Promises get broken.Rules get shattered.Love gets ugly.","August 5, 2014",1546183,114867,"['Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17788401,17788401
Say You Swear,"A College Romance...For years, I’ve dreamt of what college life could bring and while some things changed, there was always one constant. It didn’t matter how wild I allowed my imagination to run, it always led me to the same place in the end. It led me to him. My future was clear, and he was it. Until suddenly ... he wasn’t. Now I’m a shell of who I was, on a path too blurry to follow, and I see no way out.No way up. They say first loves last forever.That’s exactly what I’m afraid of.","February 16, 2022",82262,10274,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'College', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/58925247,58925247
The Contract,"A tyrant by day, a playboy by night. That is the reputation that precedes Richard VanRyan. He lives life the way he wants, no concern for the opinion of others. He cares for no one, is completely unrepentant, and he has no desire to change his ways.Katharine Elliott works under Richard as his PA. She despises him and his questionable ethics, but endures all the garbage he sends her way, because she needs the job. Her end goal is far more important than the daily abuse and demands she tolerates from her nasty tyrant of a boss.Until the day, he asks her for something she never expected. A new role with a personal contract — fiancée instead of PA.What happens when two people who loathe each other, have to live together and act as though they are madly in love?Sparks.That’s what happens.Can the power of love really change a person?Will they survive the contract?What do you do when the one person you hate the most becomes the one person you can’t live without?","May 24, 2016",35029,3062,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Marriage', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29333677,29333677
The Song of Achilles,"Alternate cover edition of ISBN 9780062060624.Achilles, ""the best of all the Greeks,"" son of the cruel sea goddess Thetis and the legendary king Peleus, is strong, swift, and beautiful, irresistible to all who meet him. Patroclus is an awkward young prince, exiled from his homeland after an act of shocking violence. Brought together by chance, they forge an inseparable bond, despite risking the gods' wrath.They are trained by the centaur Chiron in the arts of war and medicine, but when word comes that Helen of Sparta has been kidnapped, all the heroes of Greece are called upon to lay siege to Troy in her name. Seduced by the promise of a glorious destiny, Achilles joins their cause, and torn between love and fear for his friend, Patroclus follows. Little do they know that the cruel Fates will test them both as never before and demand a terrible sacrifice.","September 20, 2011",1304196,142645,"['Fantasy', 'Historical Fiction', 'Fiction', 'Romance', 'Mythology', 'LGBT', 'Historical']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13623848,13623848
Wait for Me,"
Dear Taron,I should have told you this a long time ago…

Dear Taron,Is there a time-limit on forgiveness?If there is, I haven’t reached it… 

Dear Taron,I still love you… A letter never sent.Heck, I never even finished it.Taron Rhodes was my brother’s best friend.He was sexy as sin.But he was more than that…He was ponytail-pulling, ice down your shirt teasing, throw you in the lake screaming… Strong, tanned arms and blue-green eyes over a heart-stopping, naughty grin… Did I mention his tight end? I gave him my first real kiss, my heart, my everything.I said I’d wait for him…I’m still waiting, because Taron Rhodes is still the man of my dreams,And I have a secret that has his blue-green eyes.Noel LaGrange stole my heart when she was only eighteen—pushing me off a flatbed and calling me a city slicker. Her brother Sawyer would kick my ass if he knew how many times we made out that summer, how close we got.Everything changed when Sawyer and I joined the military.We were honorably discharged, but I didn’t go to her.Instead, I went back to the city… where no amount of money, no amount of pills can heal this wound.Only her whiskey eyes and dark hair, her slim arms and her sweet scent, give me hope. I broke her heart just as surely as I broke mine, but I’m going back to make it right.If she’s still waiting…
(WAIT FOR ME is a STAND-ALONE second-chance, military romance with a guaranteed HEA. No cheating. No cliffhangers.)
","December 14, 2019",9724,859,"['Romance', 'Military Fiction', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Military Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49285777,49285777
Melt for Him,"He knows exactly how to make her burn…Fire captain and bar owner Becker Thomas usually spends his nights alone, trying to escape painful memories from his past. When he meets a sexy, free-spirited brunette outside his bar, he knows he’s found the perfect way to forget for one night. But when he later discovers the woman he’s itching for another night with is his best friend’s sister, everything comes to a halt.Just out of a toxic relationship, Megan Jansen is only in Hidden Oaks to visit her brother, photograph the firemen’s calendar, and then slip off to another adventure. The brooding man who gave her the best sex ever is an unexpected surprise. The problem is, he’s her brother’s friend and a fellow fireman, and Megan’s rule is no firemen. She knows she’s going to get burned …but keeping their hands off each other is easier said than done.","September 8, 2014",4545,419,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Firefighters', 'Audiobook', 'Erotica', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22346950,22346950
Beautiful Player,"A bombshell bookworm. A chronic Casanova. And a lesson in chemistry too scandalous for school.When Hanna Bergstrom receives a lecture from her overprotective brother about neglecting her social life and burying herself in grad school, she’s determined to tackle his implied assignment: get out, make friends, start dating. And who better to turn her into the sultry siren every man wants than her brother’s gorgeous best friend, Will Sumner, venture capitalist and unapologetic playboy?Will takes risks for a living, but he’s skeptical about this challenge of Hanna’s…until the wild night his innocently seductive pupil tempts him into bed- and teaches him a thing or two about being with a woman he can’t forget. Now that Hanna’s discovered the power of her own sex appeal, it’s up to Will to prove he’s the only man she’ll ever need.","October 29, 2013",72038,4714,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Erotica', 'Adult', 'Humor']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17831614,17831614
Shiver,"Kensey Lyons has never had ‘normal’. Instead, she has a mother who lives in her head, a stepfather who’s on death row, and the stigma that comes with being the child of an extramarital affair. Writing has always been her escape. Knowing the reception her books receive will be tainted by her personal life, Kensey secretly writes under a penname when she’s not working part-time at her godmother’s bar. Her world might not be exciting, but she likes it exactly as it is. When she meets alarmingly compelling businessman Blake Mercier, the snap of attraction is instant. She doesn’t like it. Doesn’t want to be drawn to this man who is blatantly dangerous, carries dark secrets, and lives life by his own rules. Neither of them make a great first impression on the other, so she’s more than surprised when he begins to pursue her with a single-minded focus that is unsettling, thrilling, and infuriating. Her gut tells her to keep her distance, but Blake won’t let her run. Won’t give her space. There’s another person who won’t give her space. Someone who has discovered the secret of her penname and who seems intent on taunting her. And as Kensey struggles to identify her persecutor, Blake is by her side, determined to keep her safe … because Blake Mercier always holds tight to what’s his. Always.","January 1, 2018",5009,544,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Suspense', 'Romantic Suspense', 'Dark', 'Erotica']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38104242,38104242
The Favor,"Vienna Stratton knew she only had herself to blame. You didn’t let yourself become indebted to a man like Dane Davenport, no matter how badly you needed his help. As his personal assistant, she was very aware that the globally successful CEO was ruthless and unforgiving. Of course, if she’d known he’d request that she be his wife for twelve months, she’d have hesitated in accepting his help. Because what she’d learned from Dane was that the devil wasn’t ugly and terrorising. He was seductive and captivating. He hummed with whispers of temptation – the temptation to sin and surrender, to let him brand and possess you. He awakened every need and fantasy you had.He could even make you love him.","October 13, 2020",34945,3921,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Marriage', 'New Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53608355,53608355
One Moment Please,"That awkward moment when an ER doctor has to inform you that you’re pregnant…with his baby. Three things Lynsey Jones knows about the hot doctor: he’s grouchy, an arrogant jerk, and strangely obsessed with pie. Three things Dr. Dick knows: he doesn’t talk about his past, he doesn’t do relationships, and the crazy girl in the hospital cafeteria who ate a fistful of French silk pie…is annoyingly irresistible. After a chance meetup at a bar and a heated cab ride together, things come to a head and now instead of hating each other, they’re horizontal in a bed. Three months later, the weird cafeteria stalker who crept out of Dr. Dick’s house like a thief in the night, winds up as his patient in the ER after her Tinder date from hell. Dr. Dick is prepared to keep it cool and professional. That is until her bloodwork reveals that she’s pregnant. What really throws him for a loop…is that the surprise baby…is his.","April 9, 2020",36179,2765,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Doctors', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Humor']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43582648,43582648
Code Name Verity,"Oct. 11th, 1943 - A British spy plane crashes in Nazi-occupied France. Its pilot and passenger are best friends. One of the girls has a chance at survival. The other has lost the game before it's barely begun. When ""Verity"" is arrested by the Gestapo, she's sure she doesn't stand a chance. As a secret agent captured in enemy territory, she's living a spy's worst nightmare. Her Nazi interrogators give her a simple choice: reveal her mission or face a grisly execution. As she intricately weaves her confession, Verity uncovers her past, how she became friends with the pilot Maddie, and why she left Maddie in the wrecked fuselage of their plane. On each new scrap of paper, Verity battles for her life, confronting her views on courage and failure and her desperate hope to make it home. But will trading her secrets be enough to save her from the enemy? Harrowing and beautifully written, Elizabeth Wein creates a visceral read of danger, resolve, and survival that shows just how far true friends will go to save each other. Code Name Verity is an outstanding novel that will stick with you long after the last page.","February 6, 2012",115052,15986,"['Historical Fiction', 'Young Adult', 'Fiction', 'Historical', 'World War II', 'War', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11925514,11925514
The Worst Best Man,"
""Newsflash. You don't buy me, a$#%^*e. You earn me.""
 The bride is a doll. The groom is the perfect gentleman. But the rest of the wedding party? They're the stuff of nightmares. Rich? Check. Vapid? Double Check. Entitled? Not enough checks in the world. And the Best Man? More like the Worst Man.But Maid of Honor Franchesca takes her duties seriously. Kidnapped groom? She's got this. Rude attendees? You just watch her handle them. So a Best Man with a big attitude and an even bigger...checkbook? Yeah, there's no way she's going to let that pretentious, judgmental jackhole ruin her best friend's wedding. No matter how sexy he is. (Well, that's the plan anyway...)Aiden Kilbourn doesn't do long-term relationships. He's busy ruling the business world, and has yet to find a woman he can tolerate for longer than a month, two at the outside, anyway. Conquering the unconquerable is basically his bread and butter. And he hasn't met a challenge that he can't win. But Franchesca Baranski? This smart-mouthed girl from Brooklyn may just be his downfall.","February 9, 2018",37548,2501,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Humor', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38350873,38350873
Just Not Mine,"Destiny can sneak up on you. Or it can smack you in the face. Hugh Latimer's coping with a few problems just now. A broken hand, missing the European rugby tour ... and a half-brother and sister who are playing havoc with his love life. Instead of packing down in the scrum, he's driving the carpool to ballet--or forgetting it's his turn. When he hears his neighbor wailing out bad pop in the wee hours, it's the last straw. Josie Pae Ata is a fortunate woman. A new house, good friends, a gorgeous boyfriend--oh, and stardom, too. Getting involved with her new neighbors would bring risks she doesn't need. But life has a way of changing the rules. And when you get more than you can handle, sometimes all you can do is hang on for the ride.","February 12, 2014",2036,115,"['Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Fiction', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22619255,22619255
River Wild,"A new town. A new identity. Pregnant and alone. And far away from a past that can never find me. River Wild.Moody. Sullen. Jerk.And my new neighbor.I have no interest in befriending River. And he definitely doesn’t want to be befriended by me.Then, he helps me rescue an abandoned dog. And, that day, I see something in his eyes that reflects back in my own. Sadness. Pain. Loneliness.I know all of those things well.An unwanted and unexpected friendship that somehow works. Then, without warning, it turns into something more.River and I both have our secrets, and that’s okay. Because I understand him. And he understands me.For the first time in my life, I have something I never thought I would have—happiness.But happiness isn’t forever. Not for people like me.Especially not when my past is waiting just around the corner, ready to come and take it all away.","January 12, 2019",21315,2186,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Abuse', 'Dark', 'Adult', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42832396,42832396
Sway,"USA Today Bestselling author Adriana Locke delivers a “sweet and steamy!” romance between a wealthy mogul and the struggling single mother that captures his attention … and his heart. Alison Baker is over love. Relationships are great. But peace? That’s priceless. The only way to get and keep a calm existence is to stay away from men. This is especially true for wealthy, charming, powerful men like her ex-husband. Then she meets Barrett Landry. He looks dapper standing in front of her in a suit, taking a glass of champagne off her serving tray. He pushes but she pulls. He asks questions. She tries desperately not to answer. But Barrett isn’t one to be refused, and he won’t be easily convinced to let the beautiful, sweet woman go without a fight—especially when he falls in love with her son too. It isn’t that easy. When their worlds collide, the fallout changes everything. Because everything comes at a cost and sometimes, even for love, it’s a price too steep to pay.","May 14, 2016",12799,1135,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Politics', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29562692,29562692
Cage,"Greg Cage was born to protect. While growing up, he was his mother and sister’s shield against the world… until he failed. For the last decade, he has carried that guilt and need for vengeance around… until it was stripped from him. Now, with his best friend getting married and no longer needing his protection, he is even more lost, completely adrift, and desperate for some control. All he has ever known was how to protect: his family, his friends, and his country. Can he go against everything he has ever known, and give up that control?Melissa Larson will never let anyone hold the reins in her life. She has been the rock in her family for more years than she can remember, and the fight to keep them together is her main priority right now. She has always been fiercely independent and proud. The last thing she will ever do is ask for someone else’s help. But when that choice is out of her control, forcing her to rely on others to save her and her family, and pick up the pieces that are left, will she be able to let someone else be her strength?The second Greg locks eyes with Meli, he knows that she is someone he needs. Someone he craves. Meli knew the second she met Greg that he would be nothing but trouble and heartache. Her life takes an unexpected turn, and that bitch Fate is back to wreak more havoc on another member of the Corps family.All hell breaks loose, leaving Greg no choice but to call in a favor. He hooks back up with his old friend Braxxon Breaker from the Breakneck MC. Together, they make sure that nothing threatens anyone Greg loves again.","September 8, 2013",27831,1997,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Military Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Erotica', 'Adult', 'Romantic Suspense']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25170969,25170969
Trust in Advertising,"Lexi White finds herself at a crossroads. After putting everything on hold to care for her ailing father, it’s finally time for her to start living her life again. An exciting new job holds the promise of a fresh start, until she comes face to face with someone from her past who has always stopped her dead in her tracks, and who evidently still has the power to make her forget her own name. This time around, Lexi’s a grown woman who refuses to back away from her dreams, even if it requires working with her old high school crush. Side by side. Every day. Will he end up being her downfall or exactly what she needs? Vincent doesn’t even remember Lexi from high school, but he begins to take notice when the fiery young woman is hired as his new assistant. Quickly, Lexi turns his world upside down and becomes an invaluable addition not only to his team, but to his life. Having learned a few hard lessons about trust in the past, Vincent is reluctant to let down his guard, especially when it appears that someone is out to sabotage his family’s advertising agency. Professionally, they are dynamite together, but when sparks fly between them personally, will Vincent let lies and jealousy ruin everything between them, or will he finally learn not only how to love, but ultimately trust...in advertising?","July 1, 2010",11834,644,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Chick Lit', 'Adult', 'Humor', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8599748,8599748
Last on the List,"Only a bad nanny knows what it’s like to kiss the boss.CEO millionaire, Max Fletcher is a single dad in desperate need of a nanny.Cozy Barlow is in the middle of her self-appointed “gap year” and doing everything she can to detach from her past.But when her sister begs her to interview for the nanny position of a high maintenance client, she doesn’t have a good enough reason to say no.And when Max locks eyes on the twenty-something in a tie-dye sweatsuit who pitches the idea of daydreaming all summer—he prepares to give this bad nanny the boot.One problem: Max’s little girl thinks this plus-sized in body and spirit nanny might be her new bestie, so she hires her on the spot.Now Max is stuck with this bizarre woman who hates everything he represents—corporate greed, money, status, power.But one stormy night when the power goes out, he discovers Cozy doesn’t hate him. In fact, he’s the leading role in her fantasies.Fantasies, he would very much like to make a reality.","June 16, 2022",19085,1325,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Plus Size', 'Adult', 'Audiobook', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/60095992,60095992
The Dirty Truth,"From Wall Street Journal and #1 Amazon bestselling author Winter Renshaw comes an enemies-to-lovers romance about the journey of self-discovery that follows a life-changing event. After a brush with death, I realize it’s time to make changes in my life. Big changes. First, my job. I love being a journalist, but I hate my megawatt magnate boss, West Maxwell. When he demands I rewrite an article on short notice, I turn the tables on him with a scathing new column and quit in a blaze of glory. But West isn’t about to let me go that easily, the jerk. He offers me an unexpected new position: mentor to his rebellious teenage niece. For some reason, I agree—I like helping people, but I’m also admittedly curious to glimpse the man behind the mogul. However, I soon discover that my new assignment isn’t what I expected. As I learn about the private side of my enigmatic boss, I start to see the heart he hides behind his icy facade. The old Elle hated West…but maybe—just maybe—the new Elle can tame him.","June 14, 2022",6760,575,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Audiobook', 'New Adult', 'Fiction', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/59686781,59686781
Under Locke,"He was my boss, my brother’s friend, a Widower, an ex-felon, and a man I’d seen casually with a handful of women. But he was everything that gripped me, both the good and the bad. Worst case scenario if things turned awkward between us, I could go somewhere else. I’d gotten over epic heartbreak before, one more wouldn’t kill me. After moving to Austin following six months of unemployment back home, Iris Taylor knows she should be glad to have landed a job so quickly... even if the business is owned by a member of the same motorcycle club her estranged father used to belong to. Except Dex Locke might just be the biggest jerk she’s ever met. He’s rude, impatient and doesn’t know how to tell time. And the last thing they ever expected was each other. But it was either the strip club or the tattoo shop. … she should have chosen the strip club.","January 19, 2014",84283,7786,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20613920,20613920
Things We Never Got Over,"Bearded, bad-boy barber Knox prefers to live his life the way he takes his coffee: Alone. Unless you count his basset hound, Waylon. Knox doesn’t tolerate drama, even when it comes in the form of a stranded runaway bride.Naomi wasn’t just running away from her wedding. She was riding to the rescue of her estranged twin to Knockemout, Virginia, a rough-around-the-edges town where disputes are settled the old-fashioned way…with fists and beer. Usually in that order.Too bad for Naomi her evil twin hasn’t changed at all. After helping herself to Naomi’s car and cash, Tina leaves her with something unexpected. The niece Naomi didn’t know she had. Now she’s stuck in town with no car, no job, no plan, and no home with an 11-year-old going on thirty to take care of.There’s a reason Knox doesn’t do complications or high-maintenance women, especially not the romantic ones. But since Naomi’s life imploded right in front of him, the least he can do is help her out of her jam. And just as soon as she stops getting into new trouble he can leave her alone and get back to his peaceful, solitary life.At least, that’s the plan until the trouble turns to real danger.","January 12, 2022",562558,45422,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Fiction', 'Adult', 'Chick Lit', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/60060431,60060431
Bossman,"ReeseThe first time I met Chase Parker, I didn’t exactly make a good impression. I was hiding in the bathroom hallway of a restaurant, leaving a message for my best friend to save me from my awful date.He overheard and told me I was a bitch, then proceeded to offer me some dating advice.So I told him to mind his own damn business—his own tall, gorgeous, full-of-himself damn business—and went back to my miserable date.When he walked by my table, he smirked, and I watched his arrogant, sexy ass walk back to his date.I couldn’t help but sneak hidden glances at the condescending jerk on the other side of the room. Of course, he caught me on more than one occasion, and winked.When the gorgeous stranger and his equally hot date suddenly appeared at our table, I thought he was going to rat me out.But instead, he pretended we knew each other and joined us—telling elaborate, embarrassing stories about our fake childhood.My date suddenly went from boring to bizarrely exciting.When it was over and we parted ways, I thought about him more than I would ever admit, even though I knew I’d never see him again.I mean, what were the chances I’d run into him again in a city with eight million people?Then again…What were the chances a month later he’d wind up being my new sexy boss?","July 16, 2016",68193,5729,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Humor', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31140847,31140847
The Secret,"
Dear Fellow Bookworms,
I need your help.I, Rachel Rose, am in quite the pickle with a hot-as-sin English Lit professor by the name of Ty Winslow, and I don’t know how to get out of it.Let me break it down for you:Girl meets Guy.Girl gives Guy her underwear on a dare but nothing else identifying (like her name or number) because she plans to never see Guy again.But Girl does see Guy again, in a very professional setting, where she is to be the Teaching Assistant to his Professor for an entire semester.Girl would like to ignore all events of the past, but Guy is a whole list of tempting things that are hard to resist. (See below:)#1: Insanely attractive.#2: The most fun a girl could ever have.#3: Successful and intelligent.#4: He can quote Walt Whitman at the drop of a hat—which I’m sure you know is a dangerous thing for a literature-lover.#5: Smooth with a capital S. He could charm the panties off a woman WITHOUT the help of a dare.And now, Mr. Hot Professor, the man I’m determined to resist, is challenging me to a competition—a playful, secret game, so to speak—where the winner takes all.My plan? Play the game long enough to win—long enough to walk away with the upper hand—without doing something stupid like falling in love.It’s possible . . . right?If you have any advice, please reach out to me soon—before it’s too late.XOXO,Rachel","April 9, 2022",10154,842,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'College', 'Humor', 'Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/59627529,59627529
Beard Science,"NEW YORK TIMES, WALL STREET JOURNAL, & USA TODAY bestselling seriesFinalist: Goodreads Choice Awards, Best Romance 2016Make a deal with the devil and you might get what you want, but will it be what you need?Jennifer Sylvester wants one thing, and that one thing is NOT to be Tennessee’s reigning Banana Cake Queen. Ever the perpetual good girl and obedient daughter, Jennifer is buckling under the weight of her social media celebrity, her mother’s ambitions, and her father’s puritanical mandates. Jennifer is officially desperate. And desperate times call for Cletus Winston.Cletus Winston is a puzzle wrapped in a mystery covered in conundrum sauce, and now he’s in a pickle. Despite being convinced of his own omniscience, extortion by the exalted Banana Cake Queen of Green Valley has taken him completely by surprise. So... what’s a maniacal mastermind to do? Likely, the last thing you expect.","October 11, 2016",34113,3729,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Humor', 'Fiction', 'Audiobook', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23337872,23337872
The Game Plan,"A beard-related dare and one hot-as-hell kiss changes everything.NFL center Ethan Dexter’s focus has always been on playing football and little else. Except when it comes to one particular woman. The lovely Fiona Mackenzie might not care about his fame, but she’s also never looked at him as anything more than one of her brother-in-law’s best friend. That ends now. Fi doesn’t know what to make of Dex. The bearded, tattooed, mountain of man-muscle looks more like a biker than a football player. Rumor has it he’s a virgin, but she finds that hard to believe. Because from the moment he decides to turn his quiet intensity on her she’s left weak at the knees and aching to see his famous control fully unleashed. Dex is looking for a forever girl, but they live vastly different lives in separate cities. Fi ought to guard her heart and walk away. But Dex has upped his game and is using all his considerable charm to convince Fi he's her forever man.Game On","November 1, 2015",31206,2525,"['Romance', 'Sports', 'Sports Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Football']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23204215,23204215
Fresh Meet,"Fans call me the king of the water. I'm focused, driven, and most importantly, I win.Life as a professional swimmer comes with sacrifices, but they’ve never worried me. I’m used to life with little room for anything but training, eating, and sleeping.Nothing more, nothing less. When a son I knew nothing about lands on my doorstep—and a crazy but very beautiful nanny shortly after—my life is turned upside down. Allowing any change into my life could put my goals and dreams in jeopardy, and I’ve worked too hard and too long for them. When I’m tempted to look beyond lap times and medals to bedtime stories and the possibility of love, I face one of the hardest questions of my life: is it worth the risk?","March 5, 2020",7461,576,"['Sports', 'Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52739584,52739584
One Percent of You,"Make no mistakes about it. I know what I look like to others. Young, government-aided, pregnant mom. They see Lucy on my hip, and they see a mistake. I mean, why else would someone have a child so young, right? They couldn’t be more wrong. I’m too busy most days between parenting, work, and finishing up my last year of nursing school to let their judging gaze tear me down until he moves in the vacant house next to the apartments I live in.	His cold, blunt observation of us doesn’t differ from any other stranger. He doesn’t know me, but he’s already painting a picture of who he thinks I am in his mind. He judges my very round belly, Lucy’s inability to leave him alone, the bags under my eyes, and the fact that I could not care less what I look like anymore.	He’s a rude guy. Stays that way for months too. Then something happens, I’m not even sure what. Judgmental Guy decides Lucy and me — as well as baby Eli — are worth his friendship.	Turns out, Judgmental Guy isn’t too mean — okay, he kind of still is. But he graduates to Elijah. I build an unlikely friendship with him which deems it necessary for him to start smiling around me and my kids. 	I’m wrong again. Elijah isn’t rude. He’s terrifying. His strange acts of kindness are unraveling me. Elijah is only my friend.	Right? 	Oh, fudge. I think I’m wrong. Again.","May 5, 2019",38837,4038,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'Childrens']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43701279,43701279
Law Man,"Love is just around the corner . . . Sweet, shy Mara Hanover is in love with her neighbor. For four years, she has secretly watched her dream man from afar. Handsome police detective Mitch Lawson is way out of her league. She's a girl from the wrong side of the tracks, and there's no way a guy like Mitch would want anything to do with her. But when Mara has a leaky faucet that she can't fix, it's Mitch who comes to her rescue. Mitch has been eyeing his beautiful neighbor for a long time. He jumps at the chance to help her, and soon their formerly platonic relationship gets very hot and heavy. But when Mara gets a disturbing phone call from her cousin's kids, she gets pulled back into the life she's tried so hard to leave behind. Can the hot law man convince Mara to let go of her past-and build a future with him?","January 1, 2012",44951,2840,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Romantic Suspense', 'Suspense', 'Erotica']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13412515,13412515
It Happened One Summer,"Piper Bellinger is fashionable, influential, and her reputation as a wild child means the paparazzi are constantly on her heels. When too much champagne and an out-of-control rooftop party lands Piper in the slammer, her stepfather decides enough is enough. So he cuts her off, and sends Piper and her sister to learn some responsibility running their late father’s dive bar... in Washington.Piper hasn’t even been in Westport for five minutes when she meets big, bearded sea captain Brendan, who thinks she won’t last a week outside of Beverly Hills. So what if Piper can’t do math, and the idea of sleeping in a shabby apartment with bunk beds gives her hives. How bad could it really be? She’s determined to show her stepfather—and the hot, grumpy local—that she’s more than a pretty face.Except it’s a small town and everywhere she turns, she bumps into Brendan. The fun-loving socialite and the gruff fisherman are polar opposites, but there’s an undeniable attraction simmering between them. Piper doesn’t want any distractions, especially feelings for a man who sails off into the sunset for weeks at a time. Yet as she reconnects with her past and begins to feel at home in Westport, Piper starts to wonder if the cold, glamorous life she knew is what she truly wants. LA is calling her name, but Brendan—and this town full of memories—may have already caught her heart. Tessa Bailey is back with a Schitt’s Creek-inspired rom-com about a Hollywood “It Girl” who is cut off from her wealthy family and exiled to a small Pacific Northwest beach town... where she butts heads with a surly, sexy local who thinks she doesn’t belong. ","July 13, 2021",457155,45922,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Fiction', 'Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55659629,55659629
Verity,"Lowen Ashleigh is a struggling writer on the brink of financial ruin when she accepts the job offer of a lifetime. Jeremy Crawford, husband of bestselling author Verity Crawford, has hired Lowen to complete the remaining books in a successful series his injured wife is unable to finish.Lowen arrives at the Crawford home, ready to sort through years of Verity's notes and outlines, hoping to find enough material to get her started. What Lowen doesn't expect to uncover in the chaotic office is an unfinished autobiography Verity never intended for anyone to read. Page after page of bone-chilling admissions, including Verity's recollection of what really happened the day her daughter died.Lowen decides to keep the manuscript hidden from Jeremy, knowing its contents would devastate the already grieving father. But as Lowen's feelings for Jeremy begin to intensify, she recognizes all the ways she could benefit if he were to read his wife's words. After all, no matter how devoted Jeremy is to his injured wife, a truth this horrifying would make it impossible for him to continue to love her.","December 7, 2018",2198082,205555,"['Thriller', 'Romance', 'Mystery', 'Fiction', 'Mystery Thriller', 'Suspense', 'Contemporary']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43225180,43225180
The Love Hypothesis,"As a third-year Ph.D. candidate, Olive Smith doesn't believe in lasting romantic relationships--but her best friend does, and that's what got her into this situation. Convincing Anh that Olive is dating and well on her way to a happily ever after was always going to take more than hand-wavy Jedi mind tricks: Scientists require proof. So, like any self-respecting biologist, Olive panics and kisses the first man she sees.That man is none other than Adam Carlsen, a young hotshot professor--and well-known ass. Which is why Olive is positively floored when Stanford's reigning lab tyrant agrees to keep her charade a secret and be her fake boyfriend. But when a big science conference goes haywire, putting Olive's career on the Bunsen burner, Adam surprises her again with his unyielding support and even more unyielding... six-pack abs.Suddenly their little experiment feels dangerously close to combustion. And Olive discovers that the only thing more complicated than a hypothesis on love is putting her own heart under the microscope.","September 14, 2021",1195610,131353,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/56732449,56732449
Ignite,"My new neighbor is a firefighter—and a scorching hot single dad—but I swear I didn’t set off that smoke alarm on purpose.(And I was beyond mortified when he rushed in and saw me naked.)Nothing happened, of course—because I, Winnie MacAllister, romance junkie and owner of a constantly broken heart, have sworn off men for one solid year.Even protective men with chiseled jaws, bulging biceps, and deep brown eyes that make my breath come faster. Even former SEALs with broad chests and strong hands that make my skin sizzle. Even gorgeous, grumpy guys who have their hands full raising two adorable little girls and claim they don’t believe in love.Until Dex kisses me one night, and I drop all my defenses.(Also my underwear.)He says he’s not gentle, and he’s right. He says I should take the dream job I’m offered in another state, and he’s right. He says he’s too old for me and could never be the man I deserve.He’s wrong.Dex and I might be twelve years apart, but the fire between us is the kind that will never burn out.How can I convince him to give happily-ever-after with me a chance?","November 22, 2021",60171,5117,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Firefighters', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Military Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/59562844,59562844
Sinner,"I'm not a good man, and I've never pretended to be. I don't believe in goodness or God or any happy ending that isn't paid for in advance. In fact, I've got my own personal holy trinity: in the name of money, sex, and Macallan 18, amen.So when the gorgeous, brilliant Zenny Iverson asks me to teach her about sex, I want to say yes, I really do. Unfortunately, there are several reasons to say no—reasons that even a very bad man like myself can't ignore.1. She's my best friend's little sister.2. She's too young for me. Like way too young.3. She's a nun. Or about to be anyway.But I want her. I want her even with my best friend and God in the way, I want to teach her and touch her and love her, and I know that makes me something much worse than a very bad man.It makes me a sinner.Sinner is a standalone companion to Priest about Father Bell's brother Sean. You do not have to read Priest or Midnight Mass to read Sinner.","March 15, 2018",34598,4450,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Erotica', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38233153,38233153
In the Unlikely Event,"From #1 Amazon Bestseller L.J. Shen comes a new, star-crossed lovers romance about loss, love, and meeting The One when you are too young to know how to keep them.  Sometimes you meet people who are out of this world, so you make them a part of yours.  A one-night stand born from vengeance in a foreign land. An explosive chemistry neither of us could deny. We signed a contract on the back of a Boar’s Head Pub napkin that said if we ever met again, we would drop everything and be together. Eight years and thousands of miles later, he’s here. In New York. And he’s America’s music obsession. The intangible Irish poet who brings record executives to their knees. The blizzard in my perfect, unshaken snow globe. Last time we spoke, he was a beggar with no intention of becoming a king. But a king he became, and now I’m his servant. I’m not the same broken princess Malachy Doherty put back together with his callused hands. I have a career I love. A boyfriend I adore. An apartment, a roommate, a life. I changed. He changed, too. But Mal kept the napkin. Question is, will I keep my word? ","November 12, 2019",30726,3302,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Fiction', 'Adult', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48847096,48847096
The Oysterville Sewing Circle,"“Stitched together with love, this is a story just waiting for your favorite reading chair. With her signature style and skill, Susan Wiggs delivers an intricate patchwork of old wounds and new beginnings, romance and the healing power of friendship, wrapped in a lovely little community that’s hiding a few secrets of its own.”   — Lisa Wingate,  New York Times  Bestselling author of  Before We Were Yours The #1 New York Times bestselling author brings us her most ambitious and provocative work yet—a searing and timely novel that explores the most volatile issue of our time—domestic violence.At the break of dawn, Caroline Shelby rolls into Oysterville, Washington, a tiny hamlet at the edge of the raging Pacific. She’s come home. Home to a place she thought she’d left forever, home of her heart and memories, but not her future. Ten years ago, Caroline launched a career in the glamorous fashion world of Manhattan. But her success in New York imploded on a wave of scandal and tragedy, forcing her to flee to the only safe place she knows. And in the backseat of Caroline’s car are two children who were orphaned in a single chilling moment—five-year-old Addie and six-year-old Flick. She’s now their legal guardian—a role she’s not sure she’s ready for. But the Oysterville she left behind has changed. Her siblings have their own complicated lives and her aging parents are hoping to pass on their thriving seafood restaurant to the next generation. And there’s Will Jensen, a decorated Navy SEAL who’s also returned home after being wounded overseas. Will and Caroline were forever friends as children, with the promise of something more . . . until he fell in love with Sierra, Caroline’s best friend and the most beautiful girl in town. With her modeling jobs drying up, Sierra, too, is on the cusp of reinventing herself. Caroline returns to her favorite the sewing shop owned by Mrs. Lindy Bloom, the woman who inspired her and taught her to sew. There she discovers that even in an idyllic beach town, there are women living with the deepest of secrets. Thus begins the Oysterville Sewing Circle—where women can join forces to support each other through the troubles they keep hidden. Yet just as Caroline regains her creativity and fighting spirit, and the children begin to heal from their loss, an unexpected challenge tests her courage and her heart. This time, though, Caroline is not going to run away. She’s going to stand and fight for everything—and everyone—she loves.","August 13, 2019",18406,2364,"['Fiction', 'Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Chick Lit', 'Womens Fiction', 'Adult Fiction', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42731454,42731454
In Fury Lies Mischief,"She was everything that I wanted.He was everything that I despised.Until she wasn’t.Until he wasn’t.Killian Cornelii was a walking calamity. He reached inside of me and touched every single inch of my ruined soul, but he didn’t just touch it. He caressed, petted, and captivated it. He tailored me to fit into the palm of his hands. The same hands that possess so much cruelty, were the very same that comforted me.I thought I knew him.He thought he knew me.This isn’t a fairy tale, or some achingly beautiful story about two soul mates who instantly fall irrevocably in love with each other.This is a story about a love so painful, so rich, that it destroys everything and everyone around it.Including ourselves.Midnight Mayhem is the platform to which Killian performs his tricks on, but the greatest trick wouldn’t come from him.It would come from me.Tricksters don’t have hearts.They just pretend that they do.Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock.","March 10, 2020",6454,973,"['Dark', 'Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Abuse', 'Suspense']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48716015,48716015
Terms and Conditions,"DeclanI’m destined to become the next CEO of my family’s media empire. The only problem? My grandfather’s inheritance clause. Fulfilling his dying wish of getting married and having an heir seemed impossible until my assistant volunteers for the job. Our marriage was supposed to be the perfect solution to my biggest problem. But the more we act in love for the public, the more unsure I feel about our contract. Caring about Iris was never part of the deal. Especially not when breaking her heart is inevitable. IrisMy plan to marry Declan was simple in theory. Move in together. Throw a wedding. Have a baby. We set rules to prevent any kind of issues. Ones that were never meant to be broken, no matter how much Declan tempts me. But what happens when our fake relationship bleeds into our real one? Falling in love was never an option. At least not for me.","February 24, 2022",240243,24045,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'New Adult', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/58353827,58353827
Destroyed,"She has a secret.I’m complicated. Not broken or ruined or running from a past I can’t face. Just complicated. I thought my life couldn’t get any more tangled in deceit and confusion. But I hadn’t met him. I hadn't realized how far I could fall or what I'd do to get free. He has a secret.I’ve never pretended to be good or deserving. I chase who I want, do what I want, act how I want.I didn’t have time to lust after a woman I had no right to lust after. I told myself to shut up and stay hidden. But then she tried to run. I’d tasted what she could offer me and damned if I would let her go.One secret destroys them.","March 4, 2014",12844,1572,"['Dark', 'Romance', 'Erotica', 'Abuse', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20324107,20324107
Bad Habit,"BRIAR I was infatuated with Asher Kelley the moment he came tumbling through my brother’s window five years ago. Even bruised and bloodied, he was the most beautiful boy I'd ever seen. We couldn't ever be together. I was too young, and he was too untouchable. He was too troubled, and I was too naive. But the heart is rebellious, and mine decided it didn’t care about any of those things. As I got older, harmless flirting turned to stolen moments in dark corners. Until one day, he was gone without a trace. Now, three years later, he’s back. Callous and cruel. He’s my brother’s best friend. My parents’ worst nightmare. I should hate him. But like a Bad Habit, I can’t quit him.  ASHER I was drawn to Briar Vale from the first time she looked up at me with stars in her big, blue eyes. She was just a kid, nothing but elbows and knees, but she was the most beautiful creature I'd ever seen. We could never be together. I was too old and she was too off limits. She was too good and I was too fucked up. Eventually, the temptation became too much to resist. I risked everything for a kiss and she betrayed me. Three years have passed and I’m forced to see her again, but now she's all grown up. She’s my best friend’s baby sister. My downfall. I hate her for what she did. But she's always been my drug of choice","November 15, 2017",27622,2154,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'High School', 'Dark', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36604160,36604160
Because You're Mine,"When you grow up in the most feared mafia family, it's easy to identify the kind of men that are bad news. They're the ones with experience. The ones with secrets. The ones that exude sex just by saying your name.From the minute I laid eyes on Lorenzo, I knew he wasn't just bad news. He was the headline.My opinion didn't change on our second meeting. Or our third. But my head and my heart are at war. He’s too mysterious, too gorgeous, too wild, and now, he wants me. I should run far away. So why am I racing toward him? I’m totally going to get burned. I know it. A man like Lorenzo won’t leave me unscathed.He'll make ashes of me.","July 12, 2018",8761,890,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Dark', 'Crime', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39809987,39809987
The Fire Between High & Lo,"There once was a boy, and I loved him.Logan Francis Silverstone was the complete opposite of me. I danced while he stood still. He was quiet, and I was always running my mouth. He struggled to find a smile while I refused to frown. The night I saw the darkness that truly lived inside of him, I couldn’t look away.We were broken together, yet somehow whole. We were wrong together, but always right. We were the stars that burned across the night sky, searching for a wish, praying for better tomorrows.Until the day I lost him. He threw us away with one hasty decision—a decision that changed us forever.There once was a boy, and I loved him.And for a few breaths, a few whispers, a few moments,  I think he loved me, too. ","March 25, 2016",24098,2833,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Abuse', 'Drama', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26615962,26615962
The Last Letter,"Beckett,If you’re reading this, well, you know the last-letter drill. You made it. I didn’t. Get off the guilt train, because I know if there was any chance you could have saved me, you would have.I need one thing from you: get out of the army and get to Telluride.My little sister Ella’s raising the twins alone. She’s too independent and won’t accept help easily, but she has lost our grandmother, our parents, and now me. It’s too much for anyone to endure. It’s not fair.And here’s the kicker: there’s something else you don’t know that’s tearing her family apart. She’s going to need help.So if I’m gone, that means I can’t be there for Ella. I can’t help them through this. But you can. So I’m begging you, as my best friend, go take care of my sister, my family.Please don’t make her go through it alone.Ryan","February 26, 2019",22009,4358,"['Romance', 'Military Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Fiction', 'Adult', 'Military Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40045986,40045986
Walking Disaster,"How much is too much to love? Travis Maddox learned two things from his mother before she died: Love hard. Fight harder.Finally, the highly anticipated follow-up to the New York Times bestseller Beautiful Disaster.Can you love someone too much?Travis Maddox learned two things from his mother before she died: Love hard. Fight harder.In Walking Disaster, the life of Travis is full of fast women, underground gambling, and violence. But just when he thinks he is invincible, Abby Abernathy brings him to his knees.Every story has two sides. In Beautiful Disaster, Abby had her say. Now it’s time to see the story through Travis’s eyes.","April 2, 2013",193383,12638,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Young Adult', 'College', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15745950,15745950
The Chase,"Everyone says opposites attract. And they must be right, because there’s no logical reason why I’m so drawn to Colin Fitzgerald. I don’t usually go for tattoo-covered, video-gaming, hockey-playing nerd-jocks who think I’m flighty and superficial. His narrow view of me is the first strike against him. It doesn’t help that he’s buddy-buddy with my brother.And that his best friend has a crush on me.And that I just moved in with them.Oh, did I not mention we’re roommates?I suppose it doesn’t matter. Fitzy has made it clear he’s not interested in me, even though the sparks between us are liable to burn our house down. I’m not the kind of girl who chases after a man, though, and I’m not about to start. I’ve got my hands full dealing with a new school, a sleazy professor, and an uncertain future. So if my sexy brooding roomie wises up and realizes what he’s missing?He knows where to find me.","August 4, 2018",151123,11187,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'New Adult', 'Sports', 'College', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34851664,34851664
Stinger,"A full-length, standalone romance from the New York Times bestselling author of Archer's Voice.Grace Hamilton was the girl with a plan. She knew exactly where her life was going and prided herself on always achieving her goals. It was who she was, and how she lived her life. She never stepped outside the lines, and never considered what she might desire and whom she was actually trying so hard to please. Until him . . . Carson Stinger was a man who didn't play by any rules except his own. Working in the adult entertainment industry, he didn't care what others thought, and took each day as it came, no direction, no plan. He knew what women wanted from him and believed it was all he had to offer. Until her . . . When circumstances forced them to spend several hours together, they walked away changed. But for two people who never should have meshed, overcoming the reality of their vastly different lives wasn't possible. At least not yet . . .THIS IS A STANDALONE SIGN OF LOVE NOVEL, INSPIRED BY SCORPIO. New Adult Contemporary Romance: Due to strong language and sexual content, this book is not intended for readers under the age of 18.","September 23, 2013",27525,2941,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Military Fiction', 'Erotica', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18138948,18138948
Bared to You,"From #1 ""New York Times"" bestselling author Sylvia Day comes the provocative masterstroke of abandon and obsession that redefined the meaning of desire and became a global phenomenon...  ""Gideon Cross came into my life like lightning in the darkness."" """" He was beautiful and brilliant, jagged and white-hot. I was drawn to him as I'd never been to anything or anyone in my life. I craved his touch like a drug, even knowing it would weaken me. I was flawed and damaged, and he opened those cracks in me so easily  Gideon ""knew."" He had demons of his own. And we would become the mirrors that reflected each others most private wounds and desires.  The bonds of his love transformed me, even as I prayed that the torment of our pasts didn't tear us apart ""","April 3, 2012",516158,20799,"['Romance', 'Erotica', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'Erotic Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13572249,13572249
Redeeming Love,"California’s gold country, 1850. A time when men sold their souls for a bag of gold and women sold their bodies for a place to sleep. Angel expects nothing from men but betrayal. Sold into prostitution as a child, she survives by keeping her hatred alive. And what she hates most are the men who use her, leaving her empty and dead inside. Then she meets Michael Hosea. A man who seeks his Father’s heart in everything, Michael Hosea obeys God’s call to marry Angel and to love her unconditionally. Slowly, day by day, he defies Angel’s every bitter expectation until, despite her resistance her frozen heart begins to thaw. But with her unexpected softening come overwhelming feelings of unworthiness and fear. And so Angel runs. Back to the darkness, away from her husband’s pursuing love, terrified of the truth she can no longer deny: Her final healing must come from the One who loves her even more than Michael Hosea does…the One who will never let her go. A life-changing story of God’s unconditional, redemptive, all-consuming love.--back cover","January 1, 1991",302606,17499,"['Christian Fiction', 'Christian', 'Romance', 'Fiction', 'Historical Fiction', 'Historical', 'Historical Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11422,11422
Lev,"From the moment Lev Leokov spots the young woman hiding behind her hair in the middle of the gentleman's club, he can't take his eyes off of her.For the very first time in his life, he is affected. Having been told his entire life that he can't process or understand emotion, he considers it a big deal.When Mina Harris gets caught red-handed with a wallet that isn't hers, she falls apart. She's tired, lonely and hasn't eaten in days.Lev offers her an ultimatum... A nice warm bed, a hot meal and a job, or the cops.Mina takes her chances with Lev. After all, a person with nothing has nothing left to lose.***This book enters the world of the extended Leokov family which are introduced in Friend-Zoned, however, is unrelated...","October 10, 2015",23773,2493,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Dark', 'Adult', 'Abuse']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26827731,26827731
Begin Again,"He makes the rules. She breaks them all.A new start. It's the only thing keeping Allie Harper going, when she packs up her life and moves across the country to Woodshill, Oregon. She's about to start college, desperate to leave the ghosts of her past behind her. Even if that means never talking to her parents again.Now the hard part - finding an apartment before classes start. Just when it seems she'll have to live out of her car, Allie visits one more place. It's beautiful. With one exception: can she stand being roommates with campus bad boy Kaden White? Sure, Kaden is sexy with his tattoos and careless attitude, but he's also an arrogant jerk. With nowhere else to go, Allie moves in.The first thing Kaden does is make a set of rules. Either Allie obeys, or she's out:1. Don't talk about your girl problems.2. Keep your mouth shut if I bring someone home.3. We will NEVER hook up.Easy enough, thinks Allie. Who would want to get involved with a brute like Kaden? But the more she gets to know him, the more she sees beyond his gruff facade. He, too, is harboring some painful secrets. For Kaden and Allie, it gets harder and harder to ignore the sparks between them. And the lines between the rules start to blur-Begin Again is a beautiful romance that shows us just how possible it is to start over. To find freedom in heartbreak and love in the most unlikely places.","October 14, 2016",49415,3958,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Young Adult', 'College', 'Audiobook', 'German Literature']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35996274,35996274
The Simple Wild,"City girl Calla Fletcher attempts to reconnect with her estranged father, and unwittingly finds herself torn between her desire to return to the bustle of Toronto and a budding relationship with a rugged Alaskan pilot in this masterful new romance from acclaimed author K.A. Tucker.Calla Fletcher was two when her mother took her and fled the Alaskan wild, unable to handle the isolation of the extreme, rural lifestyle, leaving behind Calla’s father, Wren Fletcher, in the process. Calla never looked back, and at twenty-six, a busy life in Toronto is all she knows. But when her father reaches out to inform her that his days are numbered, Calla knows that it’s time to make the long trip back to the remote frontier town where she was born.She braves the roaming wildlife, the odd daylight hours, the exorbitant prices, and even the occasional—dear God—outhouse, all for the chance to connect with her father: a man who, despite his many faults, she can’t help but care for. While she struggles to adjust to this new subarctic environment, Jonah—the quiet, brooding, and proud Alaskan pilot who keeps her father’s charter plane company operational—can’t imagine calling anywhere else home. And he’s clearly waiting with one hand on the throttle to fly this city girl back to where she belongs, convinced that she’s too pampered to handle the wild.Jonah is probably right, but Calla is determined to prove him wrong. As time passes, she unexpectedly finds herself forming a bond with the burly pilot. As his undercurrent of disapproval dwindles, it’s replaced by friendship—or perhaps something deeper? But Calla is not in Alaska to stay and Jonah will never leave. It would be foolish of her to kindle a romance, to take the same path her parents tried—and failed at—years ago.It’s a simple truth that turns out to be not so simple after all.","August 7, 2018",105002,13331,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Fiction', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36373564,36373564
Bound by Duty,"Dante Cavallaro’s wife died four years ago but her memory still haunts him. On the verge of becoming the youngest head in the history of the Chicago Outfit, Dante needs to remarry or risk appearing weak. Valentina is chosen for the role. She, too, lost her husband, but her first marriage has always been for show. Even after her husband’s death, Valentina carries the weight of his secrets with her— to protect the honor of a dead man and herself. With her wedding to Dante, her castle of lies threatens to crash. Valentina fears the wedding night might reveal her secret, but her worries prove unfounded when Dante ignores her. Soon, her fear turns to confusion and anger. Valentina is tired of being ignored. She’s determined to get Dante’s attention and desire, even if she can’t get his heart that still belongs to his dead wife. She wants to capture his cold heart but she may have to settle for his desire.","February 10, 2015",54924,4079,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Crime']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51661616,51661616
Paper Princess,"This a previously published edition of ASIN B01DT9ZWNI.From strip clubs and truck stops to southern coast mansions and prep schools, one girl tries to stay true to herself.These Royals will ruin you…Ella Harper is a survivor—a pragmatic optimist. She’s spent her whole life moving from town to town with her flighty mother, struggling to make ends meet and believing that someday she’ll climb out of the gutter. After her mother’s death, Ella is truly alone. Until Callum Royal appears, plucking Ella out of poverty and tossing her into his posh mansion among his five sons who all hate her. Each Royal boy is more magnetic than the last, but none as captivating as Reed Royal, the boy who is determined to send her back to the slums she came from.Reed doesn’t want her. He says she doesn’t belong with the Royals.He might be right.Wealth. Excess. Deception. It’s like nothing Ella has ever experienced, and if she’s going to survive her time in the Royal palace, she’ll need to learn to issue her own Royal decrees. ","April 4, 2016",144447,13150,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Young Adult', 'High School', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28678119,28678119
Real,"A fallen boxer.A woman with a broken dream.A competition...He even makes me forget my name. One night was all it took, and I forgot everything and anything except the sexy fighter in the ring who sets my mind ablaze and my body on fire with wanting...Remington Tate is the strongest, most confusing man I've ever met in my life.He’s the star of the dangerous underground fighting circuit, and I’m drawn to him as I've never been drawn to anything in my life. I forget who I am, what I want, with just one look from him. When he’s near, I need to remind myself that I am strong—but he is stronger. And now it’s my job to keep his body working like a perfect machine, his taut muscles primed and ready to break the bones of his next opponents...But the one he’s most threatening to, now, is me.I want him. I want him without fear. Without reservations.If only I knew for sure what it is that he wants from me?","April 8, 2013",111317,8216,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Sports', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Fighters']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17617277,17617277
The Paper Swan,"Librarian's Note: Alternate-cover edition for ASIN B012HZC11G They say it takes 21 days to form a habit.They lie.For 21 days she held on. But on Day 22, she would have given anything for the sweet slumber of death. Because on Day 22, she realizes that her only way out means certain death for one of the two men she loves.A haunting tale of passion, loss, and redemption, The Paper Swan is a darkly intense yet heartwarming love story, textured with grit, intrigue, and suspense. Please note: This is NOT a love triangle.A full-length, standalone novel, intended for mature audiences due to violence, sex and language. Subject matter may be disturbing for some readers.","August 4, 2015",15379,2477,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Suspense', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25797013,25797013
Tru Blue,"Convicted of a crime he didn't commit, he wore the skin of a killer, and bore the heart of a lover...There's nothing Truman Gritt won't do to protect his family—Including spending years in prison for a crime he didn't commit. When he's finally released, the life he knew is turned upside down by his mother's overdose, and Truman steps in to raise the children she's left behind. Truman's hard, he's secretive, and he's trying to save a brother who's even more broken than he is. He's never needed help in his life, and when beautiful Gemma Wright tries to step in, he's less than accepting. But Gemma has a way of slithering into people's lives and eventually she pierces through his ironclad heart. When Truman's dark past collides with his future, his loyalties will be tested, and he'll be faced with his toughest decision yet.**The Whiskeys are perfect beach reads with depth of story, strong family ties, and a wealth of emotions. Small town love stories with happily ever afters guaranteed. The Dark Knights motorcycle club is not a typical MC book. These bad-boy bikers are tough, but they have hearts of gold...and they're not afraid to use them.","November 9, 2016",12499,1424,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Dark', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Family']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30073199,30073199
Daisy Jones & The Six,"Daisy is a girl coming of age in L.A. in the late sixties, sneaking into clubs on the Sunset Strip, sleeping with rock stars, and dreaming of singing at the Whisky a Go Go. The sex and drugs are thrilling, but it’s the rock ’n’ roll she loves most. By the time she’s twenty, her voice is getting noticed, and she has the kind of heedless beauty that makes people do crazy things.Also getting noticed is The Six, a band led by the brooding Billy Dunne. On the eve of their first tour, his girlfriend Camila finds out she’s pregnant, and with the pressure of impending fatherhood and fame, Billy goes a little wild on the road.Daisy and Billy cross paths when a producer realizes that the key to supercharged success is to put the two together. What happens next will become the stuff of legend.The making of that legend is chronicled in this riveting and unforgettable novel, written as an oral history of one of the biggest bands of the seventies. Taylor Jenkins Reid is a talented writer who takes her work to a new level with Daisy Jones & The Six, brilliantly capturing a place and time in an utterly distinctive voice.","March 5, 2019",1290030,160166,"['Fiction', 'Historical Fiction', 'Audiobook', 'Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Music']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40597810,40597810
Nine Minutes,"On May 15, 1975, fifteen-year-old Ginny Lemon is abducted from a convenience store in Fort Lauderdale by a member of one of the most notorious and brutal motorcycle gangs in South Florida.  From that moment on, her life is forever changed. She gets a new name, a new identity and a new life in the midst of the gang’s base on the edge of the Florida Everglades—a frightening, rough and violent world much like the swamps themselves, where everyone has an alias and loyalty is tantamount to survival.  And at the center of it all is the gang’s leader, Grizz: massive, ruggedly handsome, terrifying and somehow, when it comes to Ginny, tender. She becomes his obsession and the one true love of his life.  So begins a tale of emotional obsession and manipulation, of a young woman ripped from everything she knows and forced to lean on the one person who provides attention, affection and care: her captor. Precocious and intelligent, but still very much a teenager, Ginny struggles to adapt to her existence, initially fighting and then coming to terms with her captivity.  Will she be rescued? Will she escape? Will she get out alive—or get out at all? Part psychological thriller, part coming-of-age novel, filled with mystery, romance and unexpected turns, Nine Minutes takes readers into the world of one motorcycle gang and inside the heart of a young girl, whose abduction brought about its fall.","July 19, 2014",18609,3015,"['Dark', 'Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Abuse', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23253863,23253863
"Kick, Push","An alternate cover edition can be found here.There’s a single defining moment within every skater. It lasts only a second. Two if you're good. Three if you’re really good. It’s the moment you’re in the air, your board somewhere beneath you, and nothing but wind surrounds you. It’s the feeling of being airborne.  The sixteen-year-old version of me would’ve said it was the greatest feeling in the world. Then at seventeen, I had my son. And every single second became a defining moment. Even the ones that consisted of heartbreak when his mother left us.  Seventeen. Single. Dad. That’s what my life became. Yet, every day, I managed to find that feeling of being airborne. Or at least I convinced myself I did. But I lied—to myself and to everyone around me. Until she showed up; Tanned skin, raven dark hair, and eyes the color of emeralds.  You know what sucks about being in the air? Coming down from the high. Sometimes you land on the board and nail the trick. Then kick, push, and coast away. Other times you fall. You fall hard. And those are the times when it’s not as easy to get back up, dust off your pads and try again. Especially when the girl with the emerald eyes becomes your drug... And you become her poison.","July 27, 2015",7855,1036,"['New Adult', 'Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Sports', 'Abuse', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Young Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25908870,25908870
The Catcher in the Rye,"It's Christmas time and Holden Caulfield has just been expelled from yet another school...Fleeing the crooks at Pencey Prep, he pinballs around New York City seeking solace in fleeting encounters—shooting the bull with strangers in dive hotels, wandering alone round Central Park, getting beaten up by pimps and cut down by erstwhile girlfriends. The city is beautiful and terrible, in all its neon loneliness and seedy glamour, its mingled sense of possibility and emptiness. Holden passes through it like a ghost, thinking always of his kid sister Phoebe, the only person who really understands him, and his determination to escape the phonies and find a life of true meaning.The Catcher in the Rye is an all-time classic in coming-of-age literature- an elegy to teenage alienation, capturing the deeply human need for connection and the bewildering sense of loss as we leave childhood behind.
J.D. Salinger's
 (1919–2010) classic novel of teenage angst and rebellion was first published in 1951. The novel was included on Time's 2005 list of the 100 best English-language novels written since 1923. It was named by Modern Library and its readers as one of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century. It has been frequently challenged in the court for its liberal use of profanity and portrayal of sexuality and in the 1950's and 60's it was the novel that every teenage boy wants to read.","July 16, 1951",3385041,80115,"['Classics', 'Fiction', 'Young Adult', 'Literature', 'School', 'Novels', 'Coming Of Age']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5107,5107
The Book Thief,"Librarian's note: An alternate cover edition can be found hereIt is 1939. Nazi Germany. The country is holding its breath. Death has never been busier, and will be busier still.By her brother's graveside, Liesel's life is changed when she picks up a single object, partially hidden in the snow. It is The Gravedigger's Handbook, left behind there by accident, and it is her first act of book thievery. So begins a love affair with books and words, as Liesel, with the help of her accordian-playing foster father, learns to read. Soon she is stealing books from Nazi book-burnings, the mayor's wife's library, wherever there are books to be found.But these are dangerous times. When Liesel's foster family hides a Jew in their basement, Liesel's world is both opened up, and closed down.In superbly crafted writing that burns with intensity, award-winning author Markus Zusak has given us one of the most enduring stories of our time.(Note: this title was not published as YA fiction)","March 1, 2005",2430093,139471,"['Historical Fiction', 'Fiction', 'Young Adult', 'Historical', 'Classics', 'War', 'World War II']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19063,19063
Sidebarred,"There was a time when Jake Becker had it all together. He was controlled, driven, ruthless—in and out of the courtroom.Then, six irresistible orphans and their heartbreakingly beautiful aunt crashed into his perfectly ordered life. They changed everything. They changed him. Now he’s a husband, an upstanding member of society, a father figure—a family man. And he’s pretty damn good at it.Sure, he has to referee sibling smackdowns, re-learn algebra, ensure his clients stay out of jail, and keep his wife happy—but it finally feels like he’s got it together again....So, of course something has to screw it all up. It’s huge. Life-changing. Kind of terrifying.And it will be the most amazing, perfect thing he’ll ever do.","April 24, 2016",11560,1365,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Novella', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Humor', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29453961,29453961
Sustained,"A knight in tarnished armor is still a knight.When you’re a defense attorney in Washington, DC, you see firsthand how hard life can be, and that sometimes the only way to survive is to be harder. I, Jake Becker, have a reputation for being cold, callous, and intimidating—and that suits me just fine. In fact, it’s necessary when I’m breaking down a witness on the stand.Complications don’t work for me—I’m a “need-to-know” type of man. If you’re my client, tell me the basic facts. If you’re my date, stick to what will turn you on. I’m not a therapist or Prince Charming—and I don’t pretend to be.Then Chelsea McQuaid and her six orphaned nieces and nephews came along and complicated the ever-loving hell out of my life. Now I'm going to Mommy & Me classes, One Direction concerts, the emergency room, and arguing cases in the principal's office.Chelsea’s too sweet, too innocent, and too gorgeous for her own good. She tries to be tough, but she’s not. She needs someone to help her, defend her…and the kids.And that — that, I know how to do.","August 25, 2015",33276,3665,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Humor', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22926485,22926485
Forever Right Now: A Single Dad Romance,"Darlene Montgomery has been to hell and back…more than once. After a stint in jail for drug possession, she is finally clean and ready to start over. Yet another failed relationship is just the motivation she needs to move from New York to San Francisco with the hopes of resurrecting her dance career and discovering that she is more than the sum of her rap sheet. As Darlene struggles in her new city, the last thing she wants is to become entangled with her handsome—but cranky—neighbor and his adorable little girl...  Sawyer Haas is weeks away from finishing law school, but exhaustion, dwindling finances, and the pressure to provide for himself and his daughter, Olivia, are wearing him down. A federal clerkship--a job he desperately needs--awaits him after graduation, but only if he passes the Bar Exam. Sawyer doesn’t have the time or patience for the capricious—if beautiful—dancer who moves into the apartment above his. But Darlene’s easy laugh and cheerful spirit seep into the cracks of his hardened heart, and slowly break down the walls he’s resurrected to keep from being betrayed ever again.  When the parents of Olivia’s absentee mother come to fight for custody, Sawyer could lose everything. To have any chance at happiness, he must trust Darlene, the woman who has somehow found her way past his brittle barbs, and Darlene must decide how much of her own bruised heart she is willing to give to Sawyer and Olivia, especially when the ghosts of her troubled past refuse to stay buried.","October 24, 2017",12188,1523,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'College']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36319266,36319266
Water for Elephants,"When Jacob Jankowski, recently orphaned and suddenly adrift, jumps onto a passing train, he enters a world of freaks, drifters, and misfits, a second-rate circus struggling to survive during the Great Depression, making one-night stands in town after endless town. A veterinary student who almost earned his degree, Jacob is put in charge of caring for the circus menagerie. It is there that he meets Marlena, the beautiful young star of the equestrian act, who is married to August, the charismatic but twisted animal trainer. He also meets Rosie, an elephant who seems untrainable until he discovers a way to reach her. Beautifully written, Water for Elephants is illuminated by a wonderful sense of time and place. It tells a story of a love between two people that overcomes incredible odds in a world in which even love is a luxury that few can afford.","May 22, 2006",1576033,61792,"['Fiction', 'Historical Fiction', 'Romance', 'Historical', 'Adult', 'Adult Fiction', 'Contemporary']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43641,43641
The Beekeeper of Aleppo,"The unforgettable love story of a mother blinded by loss and her husband who insists on their survival as they undertake the Syrian refugee trail to Europe.Nuri is a beekeeper; his wife, Afra, an artist. They live a simple life, rich in family and friends, in the beautiful Syrian city of Aleppo--until the unthinkable happens. When all they care for is destroyed by war, they are forced to escape. But what Afra has seen is so terrible she has gone blind, and so they must embark on a perilous journey through Turkey and Greece towards an uncertain future in Britain. On the way, Nuri is sustained by the knowledge that waiting for them is Mustafa, his cousin and business partner, who has started an apiary and is teaching fellow refugees in Yorkshire to keep bees.As Nuri and Afra travel through a broken world, they must confront not only the pain of their own unspeakable loss, but dangers that would overwhelm the bravest of souls. Above all, they must journey to find each other again.Moving, powerful, compassionate, and beautifully written, The Beekeeper of Aleppo is a testament to the triumph of the human spirit. It is the kind of book that reminds us of the power of storytelling.","May 2, 2019",133544,12428,"['Fiction', 'Historical Fiction', 'Audiobook', 'War', 'Contemporary', 'Historical', 'Literary Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43124137,43124137
Thoughtless,"For almost two years now, Kiera's boyfriend, Denny, has been everything she's ever wanted: loving, tender and endlessly devoted to her. When they head off to a new city to start their lives together, Denny at his dream job and Kiera at a top-notch university, everything seems perfect. Then an unforeseen obligation forces the happy couple apart.Feeling lonely, confused, and in need of comfort, Kiera turns to an unexpected source—a local rock star named Kellan Kyle. At first, he's purely a friend that she can lean on, but as her loneliness grows, so does their relationship. And then one night everything changes... and none of them will ever be the same.","August 16, 2012",139311,9637,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Young Adult', 'College', 'Music']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13517535,13517535
Effortless,"Después de estar atrapada en un triángulo amoroso y de protagonizar una traición devastadora, Kiera juró aprender de los errores que había cometido. Estaba decidida a no volver a causar esa clase de dolor a nadie más, en especial a Kellan, ese hombre talentoso y vital que se había convertido en dueño de su corazón. Pero la vida siempre presenta nuevos desafíos y complicaciones para cada relación. Después de todo, Kellan es una estrella de rock, y las chicas que acuden a sus conciertos pueden ser muy convincentes. Cuando Kellan se embarque en una prolongada gira que los mantendrá separados durante varios meses, la confianza y la seguridad de Kiera se verán comprometidas y Kiera sentirá que hasta su propio amor será puesto a prueba. ¿Será capaz de mantenerlo vivo contra viento y marea?","June 13, 2011",115418,4496,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Music', 'College', 'Young Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11709423,11709423
Falling into You,"I wasn't always in love with Colton Calloway; I was in love with his younger brother, Kyle, first. Kyle was my first one true love, my first in every way.Then, one stormy August night, he died, and the person I was died with him. Colton didn't teach me how to live. He didn't heal the pain. He didn't make it okay. He taught me how to hurt, how to not be okay, and, eventually, how to let go.","March 14, 2013",53500,4427,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Young Adult', 'College', 'Erotica']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17448960,17448960
Marriage for One,"Jack and I, we did everything backward. The day he lured me into his office-which was also the first day we met-he proposed. You'd think a guy who looked like him-a bit cold maybe, but still striking and very unattainable-would only ask the love of his life to marry him, right? You'd think he must be madly in love.Nope. It was me he asked. A complete stranger who had never even heard of him. A stranger who had been dumped by her fiancé only weeks before. You'd think I'd laugh in his face, call him insane-and a few other names-then walk away as quickly as possible. Well…I did all those things except the walking away part.It took him only minutes to talk me into a business deal…erm, I mean marriage, and only days for us to officially tie the knot. Happiest day of my life. Magical. Pop the champagne… Not. It was the worst day. Jack Hawthorne was nothing like what I'd imagined for myself.I blamed him for my lapse in judgment. I blamed his eyes, the ocean blue eyes that looked straight into mine unapologetically, and that frown on his face I had no idea I would become so fascinated with in time.It wasn't long after he said I was the biggest mistake of his life that things started to change. No, he still didn't talk much, but anyone can string a few words together. His actions spoke the loudest to me. And day after day my heart started to get a mind of its own.One second he was no one. The next he became everything.One second he was unattainable. The next he seemed to be completely mine.One second I thought we were in love. The next it was still nothing but a lie.After all, I was Rose and he was Jack. We were doomed from the very beginning with those names. Did you expect anything else?","May 6, 2019",86922,10018,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Fiction', 'Marriage']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45694898,45694898
Wait for It,"If anyone ever said being an adult was easy, they hadn't been one long enough.Diana Casillas can admit it: she doesn't know what the hell she's doing half the time. How she's made it through the last two years of her life without killing anyone is nothing short of a miracle. Being a grown-up wasn’t supposed to be so hard.With a new house, two little boys she inherited the most painful possible way, a giant dog, a job she usually loves, more than enough family, and friends, she has almost everything she could ever ask for.Except for a boyfriend.Or a husband.But who needs either one of those?","December 7, 2016",84973,8301,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Sports', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33288638,33288638
Until Nico,"Sophie Grates has never had it easy, but she's finding her way through life one step and one day at a time. That is, Until Nico comes in and flips her world upside down. He forces her to see that she cannot live life from the outside looking in and that sometimes you have to step out onto the ledge so you can really enjoy the view. Nico Mayson knew the moment he saw Sophie Grates that she was the one. His whole life, he has been judged by what's on the outside, so finding a beautiful woman who sees the real him only makes his feelings that much stronger. Nico knows the kind of man he is and the things he is capable of, but he also knows that everything in life worth having is worth fighting for.","May 29, 2014",29945,1747,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Erotica', 'Adult', 'Suspense']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18781543,18781543
Ryker,"The rugged men of the Carolina Cold Fury hockey team are winning hearts once again in another scorching novel from New York Times bestselling author Sawyer Bennett. The stakes have never been higher for Carolina Cold Fury goalie Ryker Evans. With his contract running out, he’s got a year left to prove he’s still at the top of his game. And since his wife left him, Ryker has been balancing life as a pro-hockey star and a single parent to two daughters. Management is waiting for him to screw up. The fans are ready to pounce. Everybody’s taking dirty shots—except for the fiery redhead whose faith in Ryker gives him a fresh start. As the league’s only female general manager, Gray Brannon has learned not to mix business with pleasure. And yet even this tough, talented career woman can’t help breaking her own rules as she gives Ryker everything she’s got. She hopes their hot streak will last forever, but with Ryker’s conniving ex plotting to reclaim her man, the pressure’s on Gray to step up and save a tender new love before it’s too late.","September 8, 2015",12854,1137,"['Sports', 'Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Hockey', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23834721,23834721
When August Ends,"What do you do when a sexy, older man moves into your family’s summer rental?  Well, apparently, you make a fool of yourself—over and over. Things didn’t exactly get off on the right foot with Noah Cavallari. Our first encounter was embarrassing, to say the least.  But despite that, I found myself waking up every day with a newfound energy. Nothing exciting ever happened on the lake—not until Noah moved into the small boathouse on our property. He’d booked it for the entire summer…and I was still trying to figure out why.  When my mother became ill, I inherited the responsibility of making sure our guests were well taken care of. I should have been finishing up college. Instead, I was living my best life…as a maid.  Dark, handsome, and mysterious, everything about Noah screamed forbidden.  I knew he was just passing through town for the summer.  I knew he was probably a little old for me.  Yet, I was drawn to him.  Not to mention, he tried to save my life when he mistakenly thought I was drowning.  I wanted him and made no secret of it.  His own attempts to warn me away soon gave way to late-night moonlight chats by the lake. We were slowly easing into a friendship that was gearing up to explode into something I might not recover from.  Because he’s leaving at the end of the summer.  And I have no idea what I’ll do when August ends.","February 25, 2019",11240,1136,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43427544,43427544
The Protector,"People think they have Camille Logan nailed: daddy's girl; beautiful, spoiled young woman with her father's bank balance to fund her lifestyle. But Camille is determined to have a life free from his strings. Out on her own, she's made mistakes, including one that found her clawing her way back after a stint in rehab and plenty of bad press. Now, after fighting so hard to be independent and happy, she finds her life threatened as a result of her father's ruthless business dealings. Caught between resentment and fear, Camille prepares herself for the measures her father will take to protect her. But nothing could prepare her for the ex-SAS sniper who crashes into her life.Jake Sharp resides in his own personal hell. He was distracted from duty once before, and the consequences were devastating--both personally and professionally. He vowed never to let that happen again. Accepting the job of bodyguard to Camille Logan isn't the kind of distraction from his demons he should take. Women and Jake don't mix well, yet protecting the heiress seems the lesser of two evils. But Jake soon discovers that she isn't the woman she's perceived to be. She's warm, compassionate, her presence settling, and his duty to protect her soon goes deeper than a well-paid job, no matter how hard he fights it. He needs absolution. He comes to need Camille. But he knows he can't have both.","September 6, 2016",18224,2051,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Romantic Suspense', 'Adult', 'Suspense', 'Military Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27860802,27860802
The Light We Lost,"He was the first person to inspire her, to move her, to truly understand her. Was he meant to be the last?Lucy is faced with a life-altering choice. But before she can make her decision, she must start her story—their story—at the very beginning. Lucy and Gabe meet as seniors at Columbia University on a day that changes both of their lives forever. Together, they decide they want their lives to mean something, to matter. When they meet again a year later, it seems fated—perhaps they’ll find life’s meaning in each other. But then Gabe becomes a photojournalist assigned to the Middle East and Lucy pursues a career in New York. What follows is a thirteen-year journey of dreams, desires, jealousies, betrayals, and, ultimately, of love. Was it fate that brought them together? Is it choice that has kept them away? Their journey takes Lucy and Gabe continents apart, but never out of each other’s hearts.","May 9, 2017",158859,13781,"['Romance', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Chick Lit', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Adult Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32956365,32956365
The Spanish Love Deception,"Catalina Martín desperately needs a date to her sister’s wedding. Especially since her little white lie about her American boyfriend has spiralled out of control. Now everyone she knows—including her ex and his fiancée—will be there and eager to meet him.She only has four weeks to find someone willing to cross the Atlantic and aid in her deception. New York to Spain is no short flight and her raucous family won’t be easy to fool.Enter Aaron Blackford—her tall, handsome, condescending colleague—who surprisingly offers to step in. She’d rather refuse; never has there been a more aggravating, blood-boiling, and insufferable man.But Catalina is desperate, and as the wedding draws nearer, Aaron looks like her best option. And she begins to realize he might not be as terrible in the real world as he is at the office.","February 23, 2021",602147,66214,"['Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Chick Lit', 'New Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Adult Fiction', 'Young Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54189398,54189398
Mr. Masters,"He is powerful, older and my boss, a lethal combination. Job satisfaction has taken on a whole new meaning.  When I lied on my resume, I didn’t expect it to matter. I mean any child would love me; I was born to be a nanny. I applied for a position working for a woman, or so I thought. But Julian Masters is definitely all man…the kind you dream of licking chocolate from.  The first day was bad. The kids were the spawn of the devil and I spied through a window and caught him doing something obscene…. and equally fascinating.  The second day was worse, he caught me snooping in his bathroom cabinet in my skimpy pyjamas and all hell broke loose.  On the third day, I ran over him in a golf cart.  And by day four I had decided that I wanted that chocolate…all of it. Melted….on me.  But intelligent, widowed Judges don’t fall for ditzy nannies. Or do they?","May 27, 2018",55192,3748,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Erotica', 'Adult', 'Humor', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40222694,40222694
The Hardest Fall,"The first time you meet someone, you make eye contact. You smile, say hello. Should be simple, if you’re anyone but me. The first time I met Dylan Reed, I found myself making eye contact with a different part of his body. You see, I’m very good at being shy, not to mention extremely well-versed in rambling nonsense and, unfortunately, rather highly skilled at making a fool of myself in front of a guy I’m attracted to.At the time, I knew nothing about him and thought none of what I said would matter since I’d never speak to him again. Turns out, I was very wrong. He was the star wide receiver of the football team, one of the few players expected to make it into the NFL, and I ended up seeing him all over campus.I might have also propositioned him, run away from him, attacked him with a cooking utensil…and…uh, maybe I shouldn’t tell you all of it. It’s pretty normal stuff, things you’d expect…from me. Eventually, the time came when I couldn’t hide anymore—not that he’d have let me even if I tried.Before now, he never knew I was secretly watching him. Now that we see each other every day, he knows when I have a hard time looking away. It doesn’t help that I’m not the most subtle person in the world either.He smiles at me and tells me he finds me fascinating because of my quirks. I can’t even tell him that I think my heart beats differently whenever he’s around.He thinks we’re going to be best friends. I think I have a big thing for him, and the more I get to know him, the more I don’t care that I’m not allowed to be his friend, let alone fall for him.The thing is, that’s exactly what I’m doing—what we’re doing, I think.Falling.Hard.","April 16, 2018",36741,3162,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'College', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39880512,39880512
Don't Kiss the Bride,"Carian Cole delivers a sweet but sexy slow burn, age gap, marriage of convenience romance with major swoony feels!I guess you could say I was a damsel in distress, and he was my knight in shining armor. But more accurately, I was a girl with a lot of bad luck, and he was a guy with a lot of muscles and tattoos.Jude “Lucky” Lucketti wasn’t just a sexy, brooding construction worker. He was my own personal hero who seemed to be in all the right places at the right times. Like when my car broke down and I needed a ride home, and when I face planted on the sidewalk right in front of him and had to be taken to the emergency room.Those weren’t exactly my best moments, but they were his.We became friends, and it didn’t matter that he was sixteen years older than me. We had a lot in common—like our love of old rock music and vintage fast cars, and our painful pasts that made us leery of love and relationships.When he approached me with a crazy idea to help me out with my many problems, I couldn’t say no. He offered me a lifeline.The arrangement was supposed to be temporary. A marriage on paper and a safe place to live—nothing else.It should’ve been easy, but it wasn’t. Because here I am, eighteen years old and married to a man I was never supposed to fall in love with. And now, I really don't want that divorce we agreed to.We had just one rule—no kissing the bride. But we broke that rule, and it sealed our fate forever.","January 31, 2021",24385,3119,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'High School', 'Adult', 'Mental Health']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/56894372,56894372
Give Me a Reason,"
From NYT and USA Today bestselling author A.L. Jackson comes a single-dad, enemies-to-lovers stand-alone romance about a jaded club owner and his son’s teacher…
Eden Murphy came into my club looking to make some extra cash.A girl like her didn't belong in a place like this. She'd get ripped to shreds.Most likely by me.There's nothing but sweetness dripping from her sexy little body, and I'm the monster who's salivating to get a taste. Trent Lawson is the last man I should want.Dark.Dangerous.So wickedly gorgeous he makes my knees weak. He's also an arrogant jerk who happens to be my new boss. When I discover his adorable son is also in my kindergarten class, I know I have to keep my distance. But neither of us can ignore the attraction that flames.One glance, and our hearts race. One touch, and we’re aching for what we can’t have. One night, and we’re falling fast.Dragging her into my sordid world is wrong.It doesn’t matter. Eden Murphy is mine.","August 30, 2021",14912,1794,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Suspense', 'Romantic Suspense', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/57888401,57888401
Twisted Games," She can never be his...but he's taking her anyway. Stoic, broody, and arrogant, elite bodyguard Rhys Larsen has two rules: 1) Protect his clients at all costs 2) Do not become emotionally involved. Ever.He has never once been tempted to break those rules…until her. Bridget von Ascheberg. A princess with a stubborn streak that matches his own and a hidden fire that reduces his rules to ash. She’s nothing he expected and everything he never knew he needed.Day by day, inch by inch, she breaks down his defenses until he’s faced with a truth he can no longer deny: he swore an oath to protect her, but all he wants is to ruin her. Take her. Because she’s his. His princess. His forbidden fruit. His every depraved fantasy. ***Regal, strong-willed, and bound by the chains of duty, Princess Bridget dreams of the freedom to live and love as she chooses.But when her brother abdicates, she’s suddenly faced with the prospect of a loveless, politically expedient marriage and a throne she never wanted.And as she navigates the intricacies—and treacheries—of her new role, she must also hide her desire for a man she can’t have. Her bodyguard.Her protector. Her ultimate ruin. Unexpected and forbidden, theirs is a love that could destroy a kingdom…and doom them both. Twisted Games is a slow to medium burn contemporary royal bodyguard romance. It’s book two of the Twisted series but can be read as a standalone.Warning: This book contains a possessive alpha hero, explicit sexual content, and profanity.","July 29, 2021",372941,35389,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/56653002,56653002
Midnight Blue,"From bestselling author L.J. Shen, comes a new, standalone, contemporary romance. It should have been easy.I needed the money. He needed a babysitter to keep him from snorting himself to death.I was cherry-picked especially for him. Responsible. Optimistic. Warm. Innocent.The worst part is that I should have known better.Alex Winslow. British rock star. Serial heartbreaker. Casanova with whiskey eyes.“Don’t get near the devil in a leather jacket. He’ll chew you up and spit you out.”Guess what? I didn’t listen.I signed the contract.World tour. Three months. Four Continents. One hundred shows.My name is Indigo Bellamy, and I sold my soul to a tattooed god.Problem was, my soul wasn’t enough for Alex Winslow. He ended up taking my body, too.Then he took my heart.Then he took my all.","January 16, 2018",42658,4117,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Music', 'Musicians', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38088159,38088159
The Air He Breathes,"I was warned about Tristan Cole.“Stay away from him,” people said.“He’s cruel.”“He’s cold.”“He’s damaged.”It’s easy to judge a man because of his past. To look at Tristan and see a monster.But I couldn’t do that. I had to accept the wreckage that lived inside of him because it also lived inside of me.We were both empty.We were both looking for something else. Something more.We both wanted to put together the shattered pieces of our yesterdays.Then perhaps we could finally remember how to breathe.","September 25, 2015",62166,7269,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Drama', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25564446,25564446
Scandalous,"They call him The Mute for a reason.Hard, cold and calculated, he rarely speaks.When he does, it’s with disdain.When he does, his words aren’t meant for me.When he does, my stomach flips and my world tilts on its axis.He is thirty-three.I am eighteen.He’s a single dad and my father’s business partner.I’m just a kid to him and his enemy’s daughter.He’s emotionally unavailable.And I am…feeling. Feeling things I shouldn’t feel for him.Trent Rexroth is going to break my heart. The writing isn’t just on the wall, it’s inked on my soul.And yet, I can’t stay away.A scandal is the last thing my family needs. But a scandal is what we’re going to give them. And oh, what beautiful chaos it will be","September 21, 2017",52070,4287,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Dark', 'Erotica']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34450909,34450909
Play,"Kylie Scott returns with the highly anticipated follow-up to international bestseller Lick.Mal Ericson, the drummer for the world-famous rock band Stage Dive, needs to clean up his image fast—at least for a little while. Having a good girl on his arm should do the job just fine. Mal doesn't plan on this temporary fix becoming permanent, but he didn't count on finding the one right girl. Anne Rollins never thought she'd ever meet the rock god who plastered her teenage bedroom walls—especially not under these circumstances. Anne has money problems. Big ones. But being paid to play the pretend girlfriend to a wild life-of-the-party drummer couldn't end well. No matter how hot he is. Or could it?","March 25, 2014",57373,5023,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Music', 'Humor', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19095025,19095025
Lead,"Stay up all night with the sexy rockers in Stage Dive, the epic New Adult series from New York Times bestselling author Kylie Scott, author of Lick and Play.As the lead singer of Stage Dive, Jimmy is used to getting whatever he wants, whenever he wants it, whether it's booze, drugs, or women. However, when a PR disaster serves as a wake-up call about his life and lands him in rehab, he finds himself with Lena, a new assistant to keep him out of trouble.Lena's not willing to take any crap from the sexy rocker and is determined to keep their relationship completely professional, despite their sizzling chemistry. But when Jimmy pushes her too far and Lena leaves, he realizes that he may just have lost the best thing that ever happened to him.","July 29, 2014",48653,4138,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Music', 'Musicians', 'Humor']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19286623,19286623
Endgame,"My name is Mercy James and I've always had a three-point plan. 1.	Don't fall in love in high-school.2.	Get through senior year and snag a full-ride scholarship to college.3.	Get the hell away from my irresponsible mother.I didn't think that was too much to ask for, and I've worked damn hard to make it a reality. Until my mother went and did the unthinkable!She's pregnant.Yep, the woman-child only went and got herself knocked-up by a man who lives on the other side of the country.As if it wasn't bad enough to uproot my life six weeks before senior year, Mom's new beau comes with baggage.A sweet stepsister, Amelia.And the b*stard of all b*stards, Rourke.Rourke is a senior like me, and he doesn't want me in his town, much less his home. He's also hell bent on making sure I know it. Thing is, I don't want to be there either, and if Rourke expects me to swan in and kiss his ass to make him like me, he has another thing coming.I'm nobody's bitch and he's about to learn that...Endgame is a feisty standalone romance. Due to its explicit content, bad language, and graphic sexual content, Endgame is recommended for mature readers of seventeen years and above.","Published June 5, 2017",5321,420,"['Romance', 'High School', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Sports', 'Young Adult', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34824451,34824451
Broken,"Lauren Layne’s New Adult novel tells the story of a girl with secrets, a guy with scars, and a love that could save them both... or destroy them.When Olivia Middleton abandons the glamour of Park Avenue for a remote, coastal town in Maine, everyone assumes she’s being the kind do-gooder she’s always been. But Olivia has a secret: helping an injured war veteran reenter society isn’t about charity—it’s about penance. Only, Olivia’s client isn’t the grateful elderly man she’s expecting. Instead, he’s a brooding twenty-four-year-old who has no intention of being Olivia’s path to redemption . . . and whose smoldering gaze and forbidden touch might be her undoing.Paul Langdon doesn’t need a mirror to show him he’s no longer the hotshot quarterback he was before the war. He knows he’s ugly—inside and out. He’ll do anything to stay in self-imposed exile, even accept his father’s ultimatum that Paul tolerate the newest caretaker for three months or lose his inheritance. But Paul doesn’t count on the beautiful twenty-two-year-old who makes him long for things that he can never have. And the more she slips past his defenses, the more keeping his distance is impossible.Now Paul and Olivia have to decide: Will they help each other heal? Or are they forever broken?","September 2, 2014",13289,1081,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Military Fiction', 'Beauty and The Beast', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21408690,21408690
Stepbrother Dearest,"You’re not supposed to want the one who torments you. When my stepbrother, Elec, came to live with us my senior year, I wasn’t prepared for how much of a jerk he’d be. I hated that he took it out on me because he didn’t want to be here. I hated that he brought girls from our high school back to his room. But what I hated the most was the unwanted way my body reacted to him. At first, I thought all he had going for him were his rock-hard tattooed abs and chiseled face. Then, things started changing between us, and it all came to a head one night. Just as quickly as he’d come into my life, he was gone back to California. It had been years since I’d seen Elec. When tragedy struck our family, I’d have to face him again. And holy hell, the teenager who made me crazy was now a man that drove me insane.I had a feeling my heart was about to get broken again.Stepbrother Dearest is a standalone novel.","September 23, 2014",68830,6461,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Erotica', 'Adult', 'Young Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22843341,22843341
Mute,"
“HE LOVES LONG, LOVES HARD, BUT HE DOESN’T LOVE EASY.”
  Katrina Vega is set on one thing: finishing college. She’s determined not to let anything or anyone distract her, especially not hot brooding bikers. On her mission to stay focused, she doesn’t expect to be pulled into the fold of a motorcycle club, let alone into the arms of Alec ""Mute"" Stillwater.  Unable to keep her guard up, Katrina soon discovers that beneath the hard and rough exterior of a family she’s grown to care for, there’s also loyalty and passion she’s envious of. But falling for the club’s enforcer will not only threaten her plans but quite possibly her life.","March 3, 2018",3666,424,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Disability', 'Dark', 'Motorcycle', 'Novella']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/37662640,37662640
Fighting for Flight,"What happens when in order to win, you’re forced to lose?The only daughter of an infamous Las Vegas pimp, Raven Morretti grew up an outsider. Liberated from the neglectful home of her prostitute mother, she finds solace as a mechanic. With few friends, she’s content with the simple life. Flying under the radar is all she knows, and more than she expects.Until she catches the eye of local celebrity, UFL playboy Jonah Slade. Weeks away from his title fight, Jonah is determined to stay focused on everything he’s trained so hard to achieve. Undefeated in the octagon, he’s at the height of his career. But resisting Raven’s effortless allure and uncomplicated nature is a fight he can’t win. Jonah trades in his bad-boy reputation and puts his heart on the line. But when her father contacts her, setting in motion the ugly truth of her destiny, Jonah must choose. In a high-stakes gamble where love and freedom hang in the balance, a war is waged where the price of losing is a fate worse than death.Will the hotheaded Jonah be able to restrain his inner fighter to save the woman he loves? Or will Raven be forced into a life she’s been desperate to avoid?","February 25, 2013",26594,1851,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Fighters', 'Sports', 'Contemporary', 'Sports Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17167042,17167042
Rome,"Sometimes the wrong choice can be just right . . .Fun and fearless, Cora Lewis knows how to keep her tattooed ""bad boy"" friends at the Marked in line. But beneath all that flash and sass is a broken heart. Cora won't let herself get burned again. She's waiting to fall in love with the perfect man—a baggage-free, drama-free guy ready for commitment. Then she meets Rome Archer.Rome Archer is as far from perfect as a man can be. He's stubborn, rigid, and bossy. And he's returned from his final tour of duty more than a little broken. Rome's used to filling many roles: big brother, doting son, supersoldier—but none of those fit anymore. Now he's just a man trying to figure out what to do with the rest of his life while keeping the dark demons of war and loss at bay. He would have been glad to suffer through it alone, until Cora comes sweeping into his life and becomes a blinding flash of color in a sea of gray. Perfect may not be in the cards, but perfectly imperfect could just last forever . . .","January 7, 2014",32964,2399,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Military Fiction', 'Adult', 'Erotica']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17798233,17798233
Until November,"November is looking forward to getting to know her father and the safety of a small town. After leaving the Big Apple and her bad memories for Tennessee, November starts working for her dad at his strip club doing the books. The one time she’s allowed there during club hours she runs into Asher Mayson. He’s perfect until he opens his mouth and makes assumptions. November wants nothing to do with Asher but too bad for November, fate has other plans. Asher Mayson has never had a problem getting a woman, that is until November. Now all he can think about is making November his and keeping her safe. Warning:18+ sexual content and a strong Alpha Male.","September 15, 2013",51955,3703,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Erotica', 'Adult', 'Abuse']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18341046,18341046
The Rocker That Holds Me,"An alternate title/cover edition can be found here.Touring with four rockers is the thing of dreams…At least that is what people tell me. To me those four rockers are my family. They have watched over me from the time I was five years old. Protecting me from my mother and her drunken, drug addict rages. When they made it big they still watched over me. And when my monster of a mother died they took over as my guardians.In the six years since that happened I have watched over the four men that mean everything to me. I take care of them just as they once took care of me. I handle all the dirty work behind the scenes of a rockers life. It isn’t always pretty. At times it came be damn near disgusting, especially when I have to get rid of their one night stands. Ugh!Taking care of them doesn’t bother me though. I mean it’s not like I’m in love with one of them. That would be crazy. Falling for a rocker is NOT smart. Okay, so I’m not smart. I love my guys, and one of them kind of holds my heart in his big old rocker hand. But I’m dealing. I’ve been able to keep it my little secret for years now. I’m not, however, dealing with this bug that I seem to have caught. It scares the hell out of me. I hate doctors, but I’m suddenly more worried about finding out what is wrong with me than what the doctor might do to me. When I get my test results back my life will never be the same again…***Because of language and adult situations not suitable for readers under 17***","December 1, 2013",19621,1092,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Music', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Abuse', 'Musicians']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17285983,17285983
Diary of a Fat Girl,"This is the diary of Burn Rivers.Bernadette Rivers has had enough. Always the fat friend and fat twin, she's ready to be more.This summer she's going to lose the weight that's been holding her back.As determined as she is, Burn knows she can't do it alone.Enter Warren Grey; ex-high school hottie and stereotypical jock. He is everything that tormented her about high school but she knows he's exactly what she needs.With a distant mother, a sister with poor taste, a polar opposite best friend and enough insecurities to fill the Grand Canyon, can she learn to love the skin she's in?And then, of course, there's Fred.","August 1, 2015",2512,247,"['Romance', 'Young Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Chick Lit', 'New Adult', 'Fiction', 'Diary']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25878001,25878001
Sand Jewels,"Gabrielle Décarie was over arrogant men – but that didn’t mean she couldn’t have a little fun with one. When she took a chance on Alex Blake, it was supposed to be a one-night deal. He was too cocky, too flirty and too complicated. Sand Jewels is the story of why she fell madly in love with him anyway.","October 12, 2013",1654,71,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Young Adult', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Novella', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18663120,18663120
Second Hearts,"Second Hearts, book 2 of The Wishes Series.Charli Blake's high tolerance for risk doesn't always work in her favour. After a year of living out her dream of travelling the world, the sunny West African village of Kaimte would be her last stop.She's bound for New York, in search of the boy she'd let go of long ago. For Charli, nothing has changed. She's travelled thousands of miles but hasn't moved an inch. Adam Décarie still means everything to her.But reality soon hits hard.For Adam, everything has changed.Memories of the best love she's ever known is all she has left, until Charli makes a shocking discovery. None of it had ever been real in the first place.","April 2, 2013",4113,250,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Young Adult', 'New Adult', 'Love', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17570691,17570691
Saving Wishes,"For Charli Blake, being seventeen is a tough gig.She's been branded a troublemaker, her reputation is in tatters and she's stuck in Pipers Cove, a speck of a town on the coast of Tasmania. Thankfully, it's temporary. Her lifelong dream of travelling the world is just months away from becoming reality. All she has to do is ride out the last few months of high school, which is easier said than done thanks to a trio of mean girls known as The Beautifuls.When Adam Décarie arrives in town, all the way from New York, life takes an unexpected turn. His arrival sets off a chain of events that alters her life forever, convincing her of one thing. Fate brought him to her.","February 10, 2013",7271,628,"['Romance', 'Young Adult', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Fiction', 'Chick Lit', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17368120,17368120
Silence,"For eleven years, Oakley Farrell has been silent. At the age of five, she stopped talking, and no one seems to know why. Refusing to communicate beyond a few physical actions, Oakley remains in her own little world. Bullied at school, she has just one friend, Cole Benson. Cole stands by her, refusing to believe that she is not perfect the way she is. Over the years, they have developed their own version of a normal friendship. However, will it still work as they start to grow even closer? When Oakley is forced to face someone from her past, can she hold her secret in any longer?","October 17, 2012",31945,2443,"['Romance', 'Young Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Fiction', 'Abuse', 'Drama', 'Realistic Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16116760,16116760
Forbidden,"No man has ever rattled Isabel Ward. Until Aiden Hennessy walks in the door of her gym—ownership papers in hand. The former fighter is a lot of things — a single dad, a widower trying to start over, and a watchful presence that knocks her off her very capable feet. To make matters worse, Isabel had a crush on him for the entirety of her teenage years. Doodles in her diaries and letters declaring her admiration—while never sent—haunt the absolute crap out of her now that she has to face him every day. No woman has ever tempted Aiden to move on from the memory of his wife—until Isabel. She’s too young, too fiery, too much of everything he should avoid. But avoiding is impossible, just like pretending the blistering chemistry between them doesn’t exist. Now that the unshakeable woman is shaken and the untemptable man is tempted, Isabel and Aiden have to decide what they’re willing to risk for a taste of the forbidden.","May 20, 2021",13627,1146,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'Fighters']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/56129955,56129955
Throttled,"What happens when my brother's rival becomes my secret crush? Noah Slade is a Formula 1 legend in the making.Focused. Unapproachable. Ruthless on and off the track.A man with walls higher than the Grand Canyon.And my brother's new teammate.I want more of the prince who disguises himself as the villain.But while I crave a happy ending, he wants to destroy his.Maya Alatorre is a forbidden temptation.An ambitious post-grad I should stay far away from.And chaos wrapped with a bow.We're a ticking time bomb, about one wrong move away from exploding.I want to trip the wire, detonating together in passion and pain.Because in the end, all's fair in lust and war.","January 9, 2020",138679,14166,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53058846,53058846
Dominic,"After a car accident killed her parents when she was a child, Bronagh Murphy chose to box herself off from people in an effort to keep herself from future hurt. If she doesn't befriend people, talk to them or acknowledge them in any way they leave her alone just like she wants. When Dominic Slater enters her life, ignoring him is all she has to do to get his attention. Dominic is used to attention, and when he and his brothers move to Dublin, Ireland for family business, he gets nothing but attention. Attention from everyone except the beautiful brunette with a sharp tongue. Dominic wants Bronagh and the only way he can get to her, is by dragging her from the boxed off corner she has herself trapped in the only way he knows how... by force. Dominic wants her, and what Dominic wants, Dominic gets.","March 17, 2014",27147,2144,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'High School', 'Fighters', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Sports']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21473305,21473305
Worth the Fight,"It didn’t matter that the ref called it a clean hit. Nico Hunter would never be the same. Elle has a good life. A job she loves, a great apartment, and the guy she’s been dating for more than two years is a catch and a half. But it’s boring…and she strives to keep it that way. Too many emotions are dangerous. Her own past is living proof of what can happen when you lose control.Then Nico walks into Elle’s office and everything changes…for both of them. But what can the tattooed, hard-bodied MMA fighter and the beautiful and always steady attorney have in common? A lot more than they bargained for.***Author's note*** THIS IS A STAND-ALONE NOVEL.
Due to strong language and sexual content, this book is not intended for readers under the age of 18.

","September 30, 2013",26122,1697,"['Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Fighters', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Sports Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18080889,18080889
Idol,"LibbyI found Killian drunk and sprawled out on my lawn like some lost prince. With the face of a god and the arrogance to match, the pest won’t leave. Sexy, charming, and just a little bit dirty, he’s slowly wearing me down, making me crave more.He could be mine if I dare to claim him. Problem is, the world thinks he’s theirs. How do you keep an idol when everyone is intent on taking him away?KillianAs lead singer for the biggest rock band in the world, I lived a life of dreams. It all fell apart with one fateful decision. Now everything is in shambles.Until Liberty. She’s grouchy, a recluse—and kind of cute. Scratch that. When I get my hands on her, she is scorching hot and more addictive than all the fans who’ve screamed my name.The world is clamoring for me to get back on stage, but I’m not willing to leave her. I’ve got to find a way to coax the hermit from her shell and keep her with me. Because, with Libby, everything has changed. Everything.","June 7, 2016",37279,3727,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Music', 'Adult', 'Musicians']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29541818,29541818
Crow,"An Irish mobster. A missing friend. Two loyalties, ripping me apart. I had a plan. Get in, get my information, and get out. Easy, right?Turns out, infiltrating the Irish mafia isn’t exactly what I thought it would be. I just wanted a soldier. Someone I could flirt with to get me in the door. That’s when Lachlan Crow noticed me. Problem was, he wasn’t a soldier. No, he was next in line for the throne of the Irish underworld. And he was determined to hate me from the outset. My sob story about needing a job? Yeah, he wasn’t buying that either. Too bad for him, I won’t let anyone get in the way of my mission. Who cares if we have some kind of crazy chemistry? He’s the worst kind of wrong- and I would never in a million years be with a guy like him. Because they took her from me, and I’m going to make them pay.","February 8, 2016",26696,2649,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Crime', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31309440,31309440
Scoring the Quarterback,"Luke Caldwell has three abhorrent qualities to him: 1) He's a pig-headed jock. 2) He's a grade A asshole with the biggest, overbearing ego. 3) He's a manwhore. These three qualities alone should've had me running for the hills. I tried to steer clear of him, I really did, but it was an impossible feat. Luke Caldwell was nothing if not persistent, and the way he bulldozed through my life, not taking no for an answer is proof of it. I tried to stay away from him. I wanted to hate him. But I couldn't. Luke was nothing like the idiot jock I pegged him out to be. He became a friend, a confidant, and after one unforgettable night, he became so much more. Whatever this is between us, it's impossible to ignore. I just hope when all is said and done, I won't be burned by the college bad boy.","Published May 15, 2018",1344,212,"['Sports', 'College', 'Sports Romance', 'Romance', 'New Adult', 'Football', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36253701,36253701
Torn,"When I was five years old, I told Toren Grace I was going to marry him when I grew up. When I turned eighteen, I made it clear I still felt the same. The problem? He's fifteen years older than me, and he's my father's best friend.Toren Grace. My pseudo-uncle. He's always been my rock--the one I should never, ever want. But I do want him, and I love him. I always have.Tor's one of the good guys. He's loving and devoted with a strong moral compass. One unexpected kiss between us rocked him clear off his axis. Now, we can't forget how that kiss felt, and what it changed. Nothing will ever be the same between us.But I'm not a little girl anymore, and he's everything I want.I'm everything he wants, too.I know he's struggling, but I'm determined. With a last name of Valentine, I've got cupid in my veins. The heart wants what the heart wants, and it doesn't care about age or how we met. My father cares, though. And he's the one person neither one of us can stand to betray or hurt.We're all being torn apart, and I don't know how to make everyone see that the wrongs are actually right.* Torn can be read as a single book.","August 28, 2016",29536,3319,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Erotica']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42832506,42832506
Kyland,"A full-length, standalone romance from the New York Times bestselling author of Archer's Voice.
Dirt poor. Hillbilly. Backwoods hick. Mountain folk.
Tenleigh Falyn struggles each day to survive in a small, poverty-stricken, coal mining town where she lives with her sister and mentally ill mother. Her dream of winning the college scholarship given to one student by the local coal company and escaping the harshness of her life, keeps her going.Kyland Barrett lives in the hills, too, and has worked tirelessly—through near starvation, through deep loneliness, against all odds—to win the Tyton Coal Scholarship and leave the town that is full of so much pain.They're both determined not to form any attachments, but one moment changes everything. What happens when only one person gets to win? When only one person gets to leave? And what happens to the one left behind?Kyland is a story of desperation and hope, loss and sacrifice, pain and forgiveness, but ultimately, a story of deep and unending love.THIS IS A STANDALONE SIGN OF LOVE NOVEL, INSPIRED BY TAURUS. New Adult Contemporary Romance: Due to strong language and sexual content, this book is not intended for readers under the age of 18.","January 24, 2015",25113,3196,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Young Adult', 'High School', 'College']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23637440,23637440
When the Time Is Right,"Fate doesn’t always happen overnight. Hudson Bradley is the cockiest, most stubborn, hard-headed man I’ve ever known. And for fifteen years, he’s been my brother's best friend. But lately, what I’m feeling for him isn’t friendship at all.Why is my heart racing every time his blue eyes lock on mine?Why does every word he rumbles in my ear make my body come alive?And worst of all, why did I bet him that I could find a woman he and his son would both love? If I hadn’t given up on love altogether, Hudson would have been perfect for me. After all, he was there the day my world fell apart. He’s spent the last six years piecing me back together. There are a million reasons why we could never work, but after a single kiss, I can’t remember any of them. Now that the time is right, I have to make him mine—before I lose him forever.","July 30, 2020",3646,544,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Humor', 'Audiobook', 'Childrens']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53754187,53754187
Fighting Solitude,"I was born a fighter. Abandoned by my parents, I spent my life forging my own path—one guided by my fists and paved with pain. Untouchable in the ring, I destroyed everyone who faced me, but that’s where my victories ended. Outside the ropes, I repeatedly failed the few people who loved me. Including my best friend, Liv James—the one person I’d die to protect. Even though I didn’t deserve her, Liv never stopped believing in me. Never gave up. Never let go. After all, she understood what I’d lost, because she’d lost it too. Liv was everything to me, but she was never truly mine. That was going to change. I lost my first love, but I refused to lose my soulmate. Now, I’m on the ropes during the toughest battles of my life. Fighting to be the man she deserves. Fighting the solitude of our pasts. Fighting for her.","February 2, 2016",8154,1126,"['Romance', 'Sports', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Sports Romance', 'Fighters']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43634665,43634665
Fighting Shadows,"I come from a family of fighters. I always thought I’d follow in their shadows, becoming unstoppable in the ring. That changed the day I saved the life of a woman I loved, but could never have.My brother hailed me as a hero, and my reward was a wheelchair.Paralyzed, my life became an inescapable nightmare.Until I met her.Ash Mabie had a heart-stopping smile and a laugh that numbed the rage and resentment brewing inside of me. She showed me that even the darkest night still had stars, and it didn’t matter one bit that you had to lie in the weeds to see them.I was a jaded asshole who fell for a girl with a knack for running away. I couldn’t even walk but I would have spent a lifetime chasing her.Now, I’m on the ropes during the toughest battles of my life.Fighting the shadows of our past.Fighting to reclaim my future.Fighting for her.","June 28, 2015",8627,1037,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Sports', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Fighters', 'Sports Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35507397,35507397
Fighting Silence,"
  Sound is an abstract concept for most people. We spend our lives blocking out the static in order to focus on what we believe is important. But what if, when the clarity fades into silence, it's the obscure background noise that you would give anything to hold on to?
I've always been a fighter. With parents who barely managed to stay out of jail and two little brothers who narrowly avoided foster care, I became skilled at dodging the punches life threw at me. Growing up, I didn’t have anything I could call my own, but from the moment I met Eliza Reynolds, she was always mine. I became utterly addicted to her and the escape from reality we provided each other. Throughout the years, she had boyfriends and I had girlfriends, but there wasn't a single night that I didn’t hear her voice.You see, meeting the love of my life at age thirteen was never part of my plan. However, neither was gradually going deaf at the age of twenty-one.They both happened anyway.Now, I'm on the ropes during the toughest battles of my life.Fighting for my career.Fighting the impending silence.Fighting for her.
  Every night, just before falling asleep, she sighs as a final conscious breath leaves her.I think that's the sound I'll miss the most.

Each book in this series can be read as a standalone.
","February 16, 2015",19096,2071,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Sports', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Fighters']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23206497,23206497
The Sea of Tranquility,"I live in a world without magic or miracles. A place where there are no clairvoyants or shapeshifters, no angels or superhuman boys to save you. A place where people die and music disintegrates and things suck. I am pressed so hard against the earth by the weight of reality that some days I wonder how I am still able to lift my feet to walk.Former piano prodigy Nastya Kashnikov wants two things: to get through high school without anyone learning about her past and to make the boy who took everything from her—her identity, her spirit, her will to live—pay.Josh Bennett’s story is no secret: every person he loves has been taken from his life until, at seventeen years old, there is no one left. Now all he wants is be left alone and people allow it because when your name is synonymous with death, everyone tends to give you your space. Everyone except Nastya, the mysterious new girl at school who starts showing up and won’t go away until she’s insinuated herself into every aspect of his life. But the more he gets to know her, the more of an enigma she becomes. As their relationship intensifies and the unanswered questions begin to pile up, he starts to wonder if he will ever learn the secrets she’s been hiding—or if he even wants to.The Sea of Tranquility is a rich, intense, and brilliantly imagined story about a lonely boy, an emotionally fragile girl, and the miracle of second chances.","September 5, 2012",85507,10325,"['Romance', 'Young Adult', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Abuse']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16151178,16151178
Egomaniac,"The night I met Drew Jagger, he’d just broken into my new Park Avenue office. I dialed 9-1-1 before proceeding to attack him with my fancy new Krav Maga skills.  He quickly restrained me, then chuckled, finding my attempted assault amusing.    Of course, my intruder had to be arrogant. Only, turned out, he wasn’t an intruder at all.    Drew was the rightful occupant of my new office. He’d been on vacation while his posh space was renovated. Which was how a scammer got away with leasing me office space that wasn’t really available for rent. I was swindled out of ten grand.  The next day, after hours at the police station, Drew took pity on me and made me an offer I couldn’t refuse. In exchange for answering his phones while his secretary was out, he’d let me stay until I found a new place. I probably should have acted grateful and kept my mouth shut when I overheard the advice he was spewing to his clients. But I couldn’t help giving him a piece of my mind. I never expected my body to react every time we argued. Especially when that was all we seemed to be able to do.  The two of us were complete opposites. Drew was a bitter, angry, gorgeous-as-all-hell destroyer of relationships. And my job was to help people save their marriages. The only thing the two of us had in common was the space we were sharing. And an attraction that was getting harder to deny by the day. ","January 16, 2017",47032,4256,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Humor', 'Adult', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32848471,32848471
To Love Jason Thorn,"Jason Thorn… My brother’s childhood friend.  Oh, how stupidly in love with that boy I was. He was the first boy that made me blush, my first official crush. Sounds beautiful so far, right? That excitement that bubbles up inside you, those famous butterflies you feel for the very first time—he was the reason for them all. But, you only get to live in that fairytale world until they crush your hopes and dreams and then stomp on your heart for good measure. And boy did he crush my little heart into pieces.  After the stomping part he became the boy I did my best to stay away from—and let me tell you, it was pretty hard to do when he slept in the room right across from mine. When tragedy struck his family and they moved away, I was ready to forget he ever existed.  Now he is a movie star, the one who makes women of all ages go into a screaming frenzy, the one who makes everyone swoon with that dimpled smile of his. Do you think that’s dreamy? I certainly don’t think so. How about me coming face to face with him? Nope still not dreamy. Not when I can’t even manage to look him in the eye.  Me? I’m Olive, a new writer. Actually, I’m THE writer of the book that inspired the movie he is about to star in on the big screen. As of late, I am also referred to as the oh-so-very-lucky girl who is about to become the wife of Jason Thorn. Maybe you’re thinking yet again that this is all so dreamy? Nope, nothing dreamy going on here. Not even close.  To Love Jason Thorn is a full-length standalone, which also contains some pretty hot and descriptive sex scenes. *winks*","December 3, 2015",104906,9409,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27970416,27970416
Jane Eyre,"Alternate editions can be found here and here.A gothic masterpiece of tempestuous passions and dark secrets, Charlotte Brontë's Jane Eyre is edited with an introduction and notes by Stevie Davis in Penguin Classics.Charlotte Brontë tells the story of orphaned Jane Eyre, who grows up in the home of her heartless aunt, enduring loneliness and cruelty. This troubled childhood strengthens Jane's natural independence and spirit - which prove necessary when she finds employment as a governess to the young ward of Byronic, brooding Mr Rochester. As her feelings for Rochester develop, Jane gradually uncovers Thornfield Hall's terrible secret, forcing her to make a choice. Should she stay with Rochester and live with the consequences, or follow her convictions - even if it means leaving the man she loves? A novel of intense power and intrigue, Jane Eyre dazzled readers with its passionate depiction of a woman's search for equality and freedom.","October 16, 1847",2018396,60401,"['Classics', 'Fiction', 'Romance', 'Historical Fiction', 'Gothic', 'Literature', 'Historical']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10210,10210
Weightless,"Angst, mystery, and suspense collide in this bestselling breakout romance novel from Kandi Steiner...I remember the lights.I remember I wanted to photograph them, the way the red and blue splashed across his cold, emotionless face. But I knew even if my feet could move from the place where they had cemented themselves to the ground and I could run for my camera, I wouldn’t be able to capture that moment.I had trusted him, I had loved him, and even though my body had changed that summer, he’d made sure to help me hold on to who I was inside, regardless of how the exterior altered.But then everything changed.He stole my innocence. He scarred my heart. He took everything I thought I knew about my life and fast-pitched it out the window, shattering the glass that held my world together in the process.I remember the lights.The passionate, desperate, hot strikes of red. The harsh, cruel, icy bolts of blue.They symbolized everything I endured that summer.And everything I would never face again.","June 16, 2016",10118,1237,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Audiobook', 'Young Adult', 'Abuse']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30527507,30527507
Rush,"To be blind is not miserable; not to be able to bear blindness, that is miserable. --John Milton  Charlotte Conroy, Juilliard-trained violinist, was on the cusp of greatness when tragedy swooped down on dark wings, crushing her hopes and breaking her heart. The music that used to sing in her soul has grown quiet, and she feels on the verge of setting down her violin for good. To pay the bills, she accepts a job as a personal assistant to a bitter, angry young man who’s been disabled by a horrific accident …  Noah Lake was an extreme sport athlete, journalist and photographer. He roamed the world in search of his next adrenaline high, until a cliff-dive left him in a coma. He awakes to find his career gone, his dreams shattered to pieces, his world an endless blackness that will never lift.  Charlotte begins to see that beneath Noah’s angry, brittle exterior is a young man in a pain. She is determined to show him that his life isn’t over, that he has so much to live for, never dreaming that she would become the only light in his darkness, or that he would help her find the music in hers.  The life he knew is over. The life she wants is just out of reach. Together, they must face their fears and rediscover what it means to really live.","June 1, 2015",9233,1134,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Disability', 'Music', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25814647,25814647
The Wreckage of Us,"Never in a million years did I think it would be Ian Parker who saved me...  I know I should stay away from Ian Parker. But when my drug-dealing stepdad kicks me out, I have nowhere to go. Squatting in an abandoned shed on Ian’s grandpa’s farm seems like as good a plan as any. Ian finds me there, of course, and he insists on me moving into his spare room. I should say no, but the appeal of a roof and a warm bed is too much. Not to mention Ian’s brown eyes and strong arms. We’re nothing alike, but the spark between us is undeniable. My life is finally looking up. Until I call the cops on my stepdad and unintentionally get my pregnant mom arrested. Now I have to sacrifice my dreams to take care of my mom’s baby. She’s the only family I have left. Meanwhile, Ian’s band is taking off; his dreams are coming true. Ian is my one chance at love. I just hope he doesn’t become the one chance that got away.","September 8, 2020",12810,1680,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Music', 'Audiobook', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51338439,51338439
The Gravity of Us,"Graham Russell and I weren’t made for one another.I was driven by emotion; he was apathetic. I dreamed while he lived in nightmares. I cried when he had no tears to shed.Despite his frozen heart and my readiness to run, we sometimes shared seconds. Seconds when our eyes locked and we saw each other’s secrets. Seconds when his lips tasted my fears, and I breathed in his pains. Seconds when we both imagined what it would be like to love one another.Those seconds left us floating, but when reality knocked us sideways, gravity forced us to descend.Graham Russell wasn’t a man who knew how to love, and I wasn’t a woman who knew how to either. Yet if I had the chance to fall again, I’d fall with him forever.Even if we were destined to crash against solid ground.","April 12, 2017",31045,4011,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32294951,32294951
The Hating Game,"Debut author Sally Thorne bursts on the scene with a hilarious and sexy workplace comedy all about that thin, fine line between hate and love.Nemesis (n.) 1) An opponent or rival whom a person cannot best or overcome.2) A person’s undoing3) Joshua TemplemanLucy Hutton has always been certain that the nice girl can get the corner office. She’s charming and accommodating and prides herself on being loved by everyone at Bexley & Gamin. Everyone except for coldly efficient, impeccably attired, physically intimidating Joshua Templeman. And the feeling is mutual.Trapped in a shared office together 40 (OK, 50 or 60) hours a week, they’ve become entrenched in an addictive, ridiculous never-ending game of one-upmanship. There’s the Staring Game. The Mirror Game. The HR Game. Lucy can’t let Joshua beat her at anything—especially when a huge new promotion goes up for the taking.If Lucy wins this game, she’ll be Joshua’s boss. If she loses, she’ll resign. So why is she suddenly having steamy dreams about Joshua, and dressing for work like she’s got a hot date? After a perfectly innocent elevator ride ends with an earth shattering kiss, Lucy starts to wonder whether she’s got Joshua Templeman all wrong.Maybe Lucy Hutton doesn’t hate Joshua Templeman. And maybe, he doesn’t hate her either. Or maybe this is just another game. ​​","August 9, 2016",658105,66737,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Fiction', 'Chick Lit', 'Adult', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25883848,25883848
Twisted Love," He has a heart of ice...but for her, he'd burn the world. Alex Volkov is a devil blessed with the face of an angel and cursed with a past he can’t escape. Driven by a tragedy that has haunted him for most of his life, his ruthless pursuits for success and vengeance leave little room for matters of the heart. But when he’s forced to look after his best friend’s sister, he starts to feel something in his chest:A crack.A melt.A fire that could end his world as he knew it.***Ava Chen is a free spirit trapped by nightmares of a childhood she can’t remember.But despite her broken past, she’s never stopped seeing the beauty in the world…including the heart beneath the icy exterior of a man she shouldn’t want. Her brother’s best friend. Her neighbor.Her savior and her downfall.Theirs is a love that was never supposed to happen—but when it does, it unleashes secrets that could destroy them both…and everything they hold dear.

Twisted Love is a brother’s best friend/opposites attract romance with a hint of suspense. It's book one in the Twisted series but can be read as a standalone.WARNING: This book contains a possessive, morally gray alphahole; explicit sexual content, and profanity. No cheating or menage, but if you're looking for a traditionally sweet, loveable hero, this is not the book for you. Recommended for 18+.

","April 29, 2021",559481,55343,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Fiction', 'Adult', 'Dark']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55817097,55817097
Not My Match,"Wall Street Journal bestselling author Ilsa Madden-Mills delivers a smart and sexy romance about a professional football hottie and the girl he’s sworn to never touch.Homeless and heartbreakingly innocent, Giselle Riley walks into my penthouse and chaos follows.I shouldn’t have invited the girl genius to live with me, but it’s clear she needs my help—not only for a place to lay her pretty blonde head but in finding real love, which she’s not going to get with the crazy men she picks up online.Too bad she’s a twenty-four-year-old virgin and I’m a bad boy wide receiver. She’s off limits for a hardcore player like me—and we’re just friends.Instead, I’m her matchmaking service, no matter how jealous it makes me when I tag along on her dates.I can keep my self-control. Right? No way will I give in to everything inside me that dreams of a girl like her in my world.I may be the best wide receiver in the country, but how could I hold on to a girl like her?","January 19, 2021",16872,1620,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Football']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54196257,54196257
Cavalier,"Welcome to Crimson Elite, the most exclusive sex club in the world. Enter at your own risk, and always remember our number one rule— You must never speak of Crimson Elite—the punishment is severe.  Creed ‘Too Hot for Words’ Christopher  If God created the perfect man he would closely resemble Creed, on the outside that is. He’s as cavalier as they come. Unconcerned. Cold. Dismissive. I wonder if he has any feelings at all. And when his lips touch mine, everything goes black. He takes me into his world, and it’s the most magical thing I’ve ever experienced. And I’m sucked in time and time again. Like a moth to the flame, I am ready to be set alight.  Elicea ‘F*cks With My Head’ Beckham  Elicea is a firecracker. She has piqued my interest, and no one piques my interest anymore. Beautiful women are what I do—it’s my work. Not one of them has managed to get their claws into me the way she does. It’s as if she’s seeing my icy heart and trying to melt it, set it alight with each touch of her sinful lips. But that can’t work, it won’t work. Not in my world.  *Please note all books can be read as a standalone*","December 27, 2018",6699,720,"['Romance', 'Audiobook', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'BDSM', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Erotica']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43020479,43020479
Face the Music,"Pastor Ben Langley is irresistible.His wife died giving birth to their daughter six years ago. His tragic past doesn’t keep me from wanting to unravel him, strip away his buttoned-up goodness, and discover what kind of man lies beneath. If that makes me evil, so be it. I’m far beyond redemption anyway.Ashleigh Kendrick is freedom personified, an unpredictable wind I want to grasp hold of.Every Sunday she watches me preach from the front row, wearing her halter tops and tiny skirts, a dangerous temptation. Her favorite words are the four-letter variety, and her smile lights up the darkness inside me. I vowed to love one woman forever. I never realized that vow would be impossible to keep when confronted with a chance to love again.Face the Music is an opposites attract romance with emotional ties to the past that run so thick they feel impossible to overcome.","January 14, 2020",720,123,"['Romance', 'Music', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Audiobook', 'New Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49788272,49788272
We Shouldn't,"Bennett Fox walked into my life on one hell of a crappy Monday morning.I was late for the first day at my new job—a job I’d now have to compete for even though I’d already worked eight years to earn it, because of an unexpected merger.  While I lugged my belongings up to my new office, a meter maid wrote me a parking summons.She’d ticketed a long line of cars—except for the Audi parked in front of me, which happened to be the same make and model as mine.Annoyed, I decided to regift my ticket to the car that had evaded a fine. Chances were, the owner would pay it and be none the wiser.Except, I accidentally broke the windshield wiper while slipping the ticket onto the car’s window.Seriously, my day couldn’t get any worse. Things started to perk up when I ran into a gorgeous man in the elevator. We had one of those brief moments that only happened in movies. You know the deal…your body lights up, fireworks go off, and the air around you crackles with electricity. His heated stare left me flush when I stepped off the elevator. Maybe things here wouldn’t be so bad after all. Or so I thought.Until I walked into my new boss’s office and met my competition.The gorgeous man from the elevator was now my nemesis. His heated stare wasn’t because of any mutual attraction. It was because he’d seen me vandalize his car. And now he couldn’t wait to annihilate his rival. There’s a fine line between love and hate—and we shouldn’t cross it. We shouldn’t—but straddling that line could be so much fun.","January 21, 2019",20915,1831,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Humor']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42739681,42739681
Ryan's Bed,"I crawled into Ryan Jensen’s bed that first night by accident. I barely knew him. I thought it was his sister’s bed—her room. It took seconds to realize my error, and I should've left... I didn’t.I didn’t jump out.I didn’t get embarrassed.I relaxed.And that night, in that moment, it was the only thing I craved. I asked to stay. He let me, and I slept. The truth? I never wanted to leave his bed. If I could've stayed forever, I would have.He became my sanctuary. Because—four hours earlier—my twin sister killed herself.","January 21, 2018",18736,2424,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Young Adult', 'High School', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Dark']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36615592,36615592
Bombshell,"From New York Times bestselling author CD Reiss, a standalone romance about a nanny, a Hollywood star, and a love they never expected.Hollywood bad boy Brad Sinclair always gets his way, whether it’s the role he wants or the bikini-clad model he has to have. But when a bombshell gets dropped in his lap in the form of a dimpled five-year-old from a forgotten relationship, he knows his life is about to change forever.Cara DuMont isn’t exactly thrilled when she gets assigned to be the nanny for the latest box-office king. She has one rule: no celebrity fathers, especially single ones with devilish good looks and rock-hard abs.But as soon as Cara meets Brad and his adorable little girl, she knows she’s in for a world of trouble. Because there’s something about the way Brad looks at her that makes her believe that some rules are meant to be broken…","May 1, 2017",6163,913,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'Erotica', 'New Adult', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29342834,29342834
Hollywood Dirt,"Cole Masten. Abandoned by his superstar wife, Hollywood’s Perfect Husband is now Hollywood’s Sexiest Bachelor: partying hard and screwing even harder. Watch out Los Angeles, there's a new bad boy in town. Summer Jenkins. That’s me, a small town girl stuck in Quincy, Georgia. I cook some mean chicken and dumplins, can bluff a grown man out of his savings in poker, and was voted Most Friendly my senior year. We were from different worlds. Our lives shouldn’t have collided. But then Cole Masten read a book about my small town. And six months later, his jet landed on our dusty airstrip, and he brought Hollywood with him. From the start, I knew he was trouble. For our town. And for me. Sometimes, opposites just aren’t meant to attract.","September 7, 2015",30468,3280,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Humor', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25802884,25802884
'Til Death: Volume One,"They say there's a fine line between love and hate. There is. I married a douchebag.I didn't know it at the time. He came in like a handsome stranger and blew me off my feet. I fell madly in love, like the naive girl I am. Then he left me high and dry. Turns out, I was nothing more than a business plan for billionaire playboy, Marcus Tandem. He needed to be married in order to obtain his grandfathers business, and I was the poor victim in his path. I believed in what we had, until the truth reared its ugly head. I never meant anything to Marcus. Not a damned thing. With my world spinning on its axis, the girl I once was has long since died. Instead he left me as this empty, emotionless shell.I may have made a vow before God to love and cherish him ‘Til Death do we part, but it’s time for me to give back to Marcus, exactly what he gave me. He has to pay.And pay he will. This is part of a two book series and it will contain a HEA – Readers over 18+","November 25, 2014",12466,1130,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Erotica', 'Dark', 'New Adult', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23287381,23287381
Anguish,"There are a lot of things in this world that are easy to escape from. Having a son you didn't ask for isn't one of them. Mack is a nomad. He likes his own space and he struggles with emotion. His past is grey and his future looks about the same. That is until his ex-girlfriend dies and his son is handed over to him. A two month old baby he didn't know existed. Until now. His world comes crashing down around him. Desperate, he hires a nanny. Jaylah has gotten herself into some serious trouble, so when she sees the job opening for a nanny pop up, she jumps on it. Of course she's not a nanny, but she figures she can pull it off. I mean, how hard can it be? She's thrown into a world of diapers, hourly feedings and a whole lot of laundry. She's also introduced to the most rugged, gorgeous man she's ever had the pleasure of meeting. The best part, he's the baby's father. The worst part, he's a biker. Their sexual tension is huge, but he's a hard nut to crack. She'll get in, though. She makes it her mission to break through the wall Mack has built so high around himself. Her world is about to spiral out of control, and she's taking Mack along for the ride.","October 28, 2014",8948,634,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Erotica', 'Humor', 'Dark', 'Motorcycle']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23269991,23269991
Burnout,"Maybe if we met at another time—another life—he could’ve been mine.  Maybe if I were older. Maybe if he wasn’t my brother’s best friend. Maybe if he wasn’t my teacher.  Maybe. Maybe. Maybe.  Having my dirty little secret living down the hall had me obsessing over alternate endings and happily ever afters. I’d never wanted someone so badly, but his hot and cold behavior was giving me emotional whiplash. In the classroom, he practically ignored me. But here? In my brother’s loft? It felt like we were a thick rubber band, pulled so tight we’d snap.  Falling for Decker Harris made me realize that life wasn’t as serendipitous as everyone liked to think. We weren’t just a collection of maybes thrust into the world with hope and good intentions. Everything started with a choice, and somewhere between grief and redemption, I chose to make him mine. ","August 14, 2019",7427,825,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'High School', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Teachers', 'Dark']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51888488,51888488
Swear on This Life,"When a bestselling debut novel from mysterious author J.Colby becomes the literary event of the year, Emiline reads it reluctantly. As an adjunct writing instructor at UC San Diego with her own stalled literary career and a bumpy long-term relationship, Emiline isn’t thrilled to celebrate the accomplishments of a young and gifted writer.Yet from the very first page, Emiline is entranced by the story of Emerson and Jackson, two childhood best friends who fall in love and dream of a better life beyond the long dirt road that winds through their impoverished town in rural Ohio.That’s because the novel is patterned on Emiline’s own dark and desperate childhood, which means that “J. Colby” must be Jase: the best friend and first love she hasn’t seen in over a decade. Far from being flattered that he wrote the novel from her perspective, Emiline is furious that he co-opted her painful past and took some dramatic creative liberties with the ending.The only way she can put her mind at ease is to find and confront “J. Colby,” but is she prepared to learn the truth behind the fiction?","August 9, 2016",46411,5284,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Fiction', 'Adult', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23492533,23492533
Archer's Voice,"When Bree Prescott arrives in the sleepy, lakeside town of Pelion, Maine, she hopes against hope that this is the place where she will finally find the peace she so desperately seeks. On her first day there, her life collides with Archer Hale, an isolated man who holds a secret agony of his own. A man no one else sees.Archer's Voice is the story of a woman chained to the memory of one horrifying night and the man whose love is the key to her freedom. It is the story of a silent man who lives with an excruciating wound and the woman who helps him find his voice. It is the story of suffering, fate, and the transformative power of love.","January 25, 2014",342294,39737,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Fiction', 'Adult', 'Disability']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32822135,32822135
A Secret for a Secret,"From New York Times bestselling author Helena Hunting comes a new romance about trading secrets, breaking the rules, and playing for keeps.My name is Ryan Kingston, and I’m a rule follower. I’ve never been in a fistfight. I always obey the speed limit. I don’t get drunk, and I definitely don’t pick up random women at bars.Except the night I found out that my whole existence has been a lie.I got drunk. And picked up a stranger.Her name was Queenie, and she was everything I’m not: reckless, impulsive, and chaotic. We did shots and traded secrets. And ended up naked at my place.She left me a thank-you note in the morning and her panties as a parting gift. But no way to contact her.Six weeks later I’m sitting in the first official team meeting of the season, and there she is. I neglected to mention that I’m the goalie for Seattle’s NHL team.And Queenie? Turns out she’s the general manager’s daughter.","May 12, 2020",21562,2101,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'Hockey', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49091311,49091311
Drowning Erin,"You never forget your first love.But you should, if you're marrying his best friend.Manwhore Brendan and good-girl Erin have waged a war of mutual disdain for years, both of them trying to forget that, once upon a time, they got along a little too well. But when Brendan returns home just as Erin prepares to marry his best friend, she will have to decide if the life she's created for herself is as perfect as it seems, and if her feelings for Brendan are just cold feet—or a sign that maybe, long ago, she chose the wrong guy.If you love angst, second-chance romance and plot twists you never saw coming, buy Drowning Erin today.","November 7, 2017",7366,725,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Sports Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36558552,36558552
"Rhythm, Chord & Malykhin","Twenty-six-year-old Gaby Barreto might be a lot of things (loyal, sarcastic, one of the guys and a pain in the butt depending on which family member you ask), but dumb isn’t one of them. When her twin brother invites her to go on tour as his band’s merch girl, she isn’t exactly screaming at the top of her lungs with joy.With no job opportunities pounding on her door, an ex-boyfriend she would still like to castrate, and no end in sight to moving out of her parents’ house in Dallas… it would be dumb to say no to the chance of a lifetime. Two bands, three continents, one tour. Spending the next ninety-plus days with three beloved idiots and eight complete strangers shouldn’t be a big deal, right?If only the singer of the headlining band didn’t have tattoos... a great personality… a fantastic body… and if he wasn’t so funny….Let’s be Gaby never had a chance against Sacha Malykhin.","August 21, 2015",30554,2835,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Music', 'Humor', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26148083,26148083
The Mafia And His Angel: Part 1,"Alessio…  Cold. Ruthless. Killer. I am respected and feared by all.  I wasn’t put on this earth to love or be loved. I was put here to wipe out every last member of the damn Abandonato mafia, to pay them back for my mother’s death.  When I find a strange girl hiding, beaten, under my bed, I don’t let her live out of compassion. She’s a trinket, my plaything.  Ayla…  I thought Alessio was only one more man who wanted to use me, hurt me, and throw me away. I don’t know what it is to trust anymore. I can’t find my heart under the pain.  Alessio found it. He touched it, and brought it alive again.  But if he discovers just how dangerous I am to him…I’ll lose my life.","August 1, 2017",13715,1155,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Abuse', 'Contemporary', 'Crime', 'Adult', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35783057,35783057
Only When It's Us,"
**Revised and Expanded 2021 Edition**
Prepare for an emotional rollercoaster brimming with laughter, tears, and slow-burn sexiness in this new adult romance that tackles the vulnerability of love with humor and heart.RyderEver since she sat next to me in class and gave me death eyes, Willa Sutter’s been on my shit list. Why she hates me, I don't know. What I do know is that Willa is the kind of chaos I don’t need in my tidy life. She’s the next generation of women’s soccer. Wild hair, wilder eyes. Bee-stung lips that should be illegal. And a temper that makes the devil seem friendly.She’s a thorn in my side, a menacing, cantankerous, pain-in-the-ass who’s turned our Business Mathematics course into a goddamn gladiator arena. I'll leave this war zone unscathed, coming out on top…And if I have my way with that crazy-haired, ball-busting hellion, that will be in more than one sense of the word.WillaRather than give me the lecture notes I missed like every other instructor I’ve had, my asshole professor tells me to get them from the silent, surly flannel-wearing mountain man sitting next to me in class. Well, I tried. And what did I get from Ryder Bergman? Ignored. What a complete lumbersexual neanderthal. Mangy beard and mangier hair. Frayed ball cap that hides his eyes. And a stubborn refusal to acknowledge my existence.I’ve battled men before, but with Ryder, it's war. I’ll get those notes and crack that Sasquatch nut if it’s the last thing I do, then I’ll have him at my mercy. Victory will have never tasted so sweet.Only When It’s Us is a frenemies-to-lovers, college sports romance about a women’s soccer star and her surly lumberjack lookalike classmate, complete with a matchmaking professor, juvenile pranks, and a smoking slow burn. This standalone is the first in a series of new novels about a Swedish-American family of five brothers, two sisters, and their wild adventures as they each find happily ever after.","March 27, 2020",39041,5543,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51975973,51975973
Hotshot Doc,"Dr. Russell has a bad reputation around our hospital. The scrub techs say he’s cold-blooded, the nurses say he’s too cocky for his own good, and the residents say he’s the best surgeon in the world—really, just a swell guy!—on the off chance he’s within earshot.I try to avoid him and his temper at all costs. It’s just as easy to admire his sexy, grip-it-while-he’s ravishing-you hair and chiseled jaw from a healthy distance, preferably from the other end of the hallway half-hidden behind a plant.Unfortunately, my plan crumbles when my trusty ol’ boss decides to swap his white coat for a Hawaiian shirt. His retirement leaves me with two terrible options: switch specialties and spend months retraining, or take an open position as Dr. Russell’s surgical assistant.That means I have to stand near him in the OR for hours on end and anticipate his every need without letting his biting words and bad attitude intimidate me. Oh, and as if that’s not difficult enough, my silly crush on him—the one I’ve tried to stomp on until it disappears—might just be reciprocated.It’s fine.I’m fine.I take my job seriously. There will be no smoldering bedroom eyes across the operating table, no angry almost-kisses in the storage closet. (Well, no more of those.)What’s the phrase? An apple a day keeps the doctor away?Maybe I should go for a whole damn bushel.","December 6, 2018",19693,1773,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Doctors', 'Adult', 'Humor']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42439949,42439949
A Nordic King,"A widowed father of two little girls. The beautiful nanny he's hired to raise them. A forbidden romance unlike any other. A Nordic King is the newest standalone royal romance from the New York Times Bestselling author of The Pact and The Swedish Prince.  When I first applied for the job I thought it would be like all the others: working as a nanny for an aristocratic family. Then I got the job and found out how wrong I was.  Now I’m the new nanny for two adorable little girls who happen to be princesses.  Their father is the widowed King of Denmark. And my new home? The royal palace in Copenhagen. Adjusting to my new life isn't easy but the hardest part hasn’t been the girls who still grieve over the loss of their mother.  It’s their father.  Cold, mysterious and moody, with an icy stare that seems to penetrate your soul, King Aksel may have hired me to take care of his daughters but he wants as little to do with me as possible.  Yet the longer I share these palace walls with this man, the more that I’m drawn to him. His chiseled face and sexual swagger are only part of the package. It’s in the long, intense glances at the dinner table, the way we’ll brush up against each other in the halls, the rare glimpses of the man deep inside, like the sun passing through clouds.  But no matter how I feel about him, we can never be together.  You think it's bad enough being in love with your boss?  Try falling in love with a king.  A Nordic King is a 100% complete standalone story and a spinoff of The Swedish Prince and The Wild Heir. This book contains GRAPHIC SEX SCENES AND FOUL LANGUAGE - reader discretion is advised","September 16, 2018",17922,2036,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41957608,41957608
Wait for You,"Some things are worth waiting for…Traveling thousands of miles from home to enter college is the only way nineteen-year-old Avery Morgansten can escape what happened at the Halloween party five years ago—an event that forever changed her life. All she needs to do is make it to her classes on time, make sure the bracelet on her left wrist stays in place, not draw any attention to herself, and maybe—please God—make a few friends, because surely that would be a nice change of pace. The one thing she didn’t need and never planned on was capturing the attention of the one guy who could shatter the precarious future she’s building for herself.Some things are worth experiencing…Cameron Hamilton is six feet and three inches of swoon-worthy hotness, complete with a pair of striking blue eyes and a remarkable ability to make her want things she believed were irrevocably stolen from her. She knows she needs to stay away from him, but Cam is freaking everywhere, with his charm, his witty banter, and that damn dimple that’s just so… so lickable. Getting involved with him is dangerous, but when ignoring the simmering tension that sparks whenever they are around each other becomes impossible, he brings out a side of her she never knew existed.Some things should never be kept quiet…But when Avery starts receiving threatening emails and phone calls forcing her to face a past she wants silenced, she’s has no other choice but to acknowledge that someone is refusing to allow her to let go of that night when everything changed. When the devastating truth comes out, will she resurface this time with one less scar? And can Cam be there to help her or will he be dragged down with her?And some things are worth fighting for…","April 2, 2013",160403,10039,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'College', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Young Adult', 'Abuse']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17314430,17314430
Making Faces,"Ambrose Young was beautiful. He was tall and muscular, with hair that touched his shoulders and eyes that burned right through you. The kind of beautiful that graced the covers of romance novels, and Fern Taylor would know. She'd been reading them since she was thirteen. But maybe because he was so beautiful he was never someone Fern thought she could have . . . until he wasn't beautiful anymore. Making Faces is the story of a small town where five young men go off to war, and only one comes back. It is the story of loss. Collective loss, individual loss, loss of beauty, loss of life, loss of identity. It is the tale of one girl's love for a broken boy and a wounded warrior's love for an unremarkable girl. This is a story of friendship that overcomes heartache, heroism that defies the common definitions, and a modern tale of Beauty and the Beast, where we discover that there is a little beauty and a little beast in all of us.","October 12, 2013",73170,9379,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Young Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Military Fiction', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27237358,27237358
The Rivals,"A sexy, enemies-to-lovers standalone from #1 New York Times Bestseller, Vi Keeland.The feud between Weston Lockwood and me started at the altar. Only neither of us attended the wedding, and the nuptials happened decades before either of us was born. Our grandfathers had been best friends and business partners, at least up until my grandfather’s wedding day—when his bride-to-be blurted out she couldn’t marry him because she was also in love with Weston‘s grandfather. The two men spent years fighting over Grace Copeland, who also happened to be their third business partner.  But in the end, neither man could steal half of her heart away from the other. Eventually, they all went their separate ways. Our grandfathers married other women, and the two men became one of the biggest business rivals in history. Our fathers continued the family tradition of feuding. And then Weston and I did, too. For the most part, we kept as much distance as possible. Until the day the woman who started the feud died—and unexpectedly left one of the most valuable hotels in the world to our grandfathers to share. Now I’m stuck in a hotel with the man I was born to hate, trying to unravel the mess our families inherited. As usual, it didn’t take long for us to be at each other’s throats. Weston Lockwood was everything I hated: tall, smart, cocky, and too gorgeous for his own good.  We were fire and ice.  But that shouldn’t be an issue. Our families were used to being at war. There was just one minor problem, though. Every time Weston and I fought, we somehow wound up in bed.","July 13, 2020",27287,2620,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53421505,53421505
Irresistible,"I’m a full-time single dad to three daughters and CFO at Cloverleigh Farms. I don’t have time to fall in love—I’m too busy trying to run a business, keep the red socks out of the white laundry, and get the damn pillowcases on without owing a dollar to the swear jar.  Sure, Frannie Sawyer is beautiful and sweet, but she’s twenty-seven, the boss’s daughter, and my new part-time nanny—which means she’s completely off-limits. It’s bad enough I can’t stop fantasizing about her, what kind of jerk would I be if I acted on the impulse to kiss her?  (Exactly the kind of jerk you’re thinking.)  Actually, I’m worse than that—because I didn’t stop with a kiss, and now I can’t stay away.  She makes me feel like myself again. She reminds me what it’s like to want something just for me. She’s everything I ever needed, but nothing I ever imagined.  I’m a former Marine. I should have had the strength to resist her from the start.  But I didn’t. And now I have to choose between the life I want and the life she deserves.  Even if it means giving her up.","February 25, 2019",37804,3164,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Fiction', 'Childrens']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44099084,44099084
Look the Part,"Flint Hopkins finds the perfect tenant to rent the space above his Minneapolis-based law office.All the t’s are crossed and i’s dotted on Ellen’s application. Her references are good. And she’s easy on the eyes.Until …Flint discovers Ellen Rodgers, Board-Certified Music Therapist, plays music. Bongos, guitars, singing—not Beethoven administered through noise-cancelling headphones.The cut-throat attorney serves up an eviction notice to the bubbly, constantly humming redhead who's too sexy for her own good. But luck is on Ellen’s side when Flint’s autistic son, Harrison, takes an instant liking to her. A single dad can’t compete with guitars—and rats. Yes, she has pet rats.This woman …She’s annoyingly happy with a constant need to touch him—adjust his tie, button his shirt, invade his space, and mess with his mind.Still …She must go.Their lust-hate relationship escalates into something beautiful and tragic. This sexy, romantic-comedy explores the things we want, the things we need, and the impossible decisions parents and children make to survive.","January 27, 2018",25432,3065,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Adult', 'Humor', 'New Adult', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36521819,36521819
Looking for Alaska,"Before. Miles “Pudge” Halter is done with his safe life at home. His whole life has been one big non-event, and his obsession with famous last words has only made him crave “the Great Perhaps” even more (Francois Rabelais, poet). He heads off to the sometimes crazy and anything-but-boring world of Culver Creek Boarding School, and his life becomes the opposite of safe. Because down the hall is Alaska Young. The gorgeous, clever, funny, sexy, self-destructive, screwed up, and utterly fascinating Alaska Young. She is an event unto herself. She pulls Pudge into her world, launches him into the Great Perhaps, and steals his heart. Then. . . . After. Nothing is ever the same.","March 3, 2005",1524918,72797,"['Young Adult', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Romance', 'Realistic Fiction', 'Coming Of Age', 'Teen']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/99561,99561
The Unhoneymooners,"Olive is always unlucky: in her career, in love, in…well, everything. Her identical twin sister Ami, on the other hand, is probably the luckiest person in the world. Her meet-cute with her fiancé is something out of a romantic comedy (gag) and she’s managed to finance her entire wedding by winning a series of Internet contests (double gag). Worst of all, she’s forcing Olive to spend the day with her sworn enemy, Ethan, who just happens to be the best man.Olive braces herself to get through 24 hours of wedding hell before she can return to her comfortable, unlucky life. But when the entire wedding party gets food poisoning from eating bad shellfish, the only people who aren’t affected are Olive and Ethan. And now there’s an all-expenses-paid honeymoon in Hawaii up for grabs.Putting their mutual hatred aside for the sake of a free vacation, Olive and Ethan head for paradise, determined to avoid each other at all costs. But when Olive runs into her future boss, the little white lie she tells him is suddenly at risk to become a whole lot bigger. She and Ethan now have to pretend to be loving newlyweds, and her luck seems worse than ever. But the weird thing is that she doesn’t mind playing pretend. In fact, she feels kind of... lucky.Alternate cover edition of ISBN 9781501128035.","May 14, 2019",739811,71369,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42201431,42201431
Zack,"Rising star Zack Grantham has been stuck in a downward spiral of grief ever since the car accident that left him a single dad and put his career on hold. Back on the road with the Carolina Cold Fury and still crippled by emotional baggage, he’s in need of some serious help with his son. But while the nerdy new nanny wins his son’s heart, Zack isn’t sure he’s ready for a woman’s touch—even after getting a glimpse of the killer curves she’s hiding under those baggy clothes. Kate Francis usually keeps men like Zack at a distance. Though his athlete’s body is honed to perfection, he refuses to move on with his life—and besides, he’s her boss. Still, the sparks between them are undeniable, tempting Kate to turn their professional relationship into a personal one. But before she makes a power play for Zack’s wounded heart, Kate will have to open him up again and show him that love is worth the fight.","June 9, 2015",16200,1335,"['Sports', 'Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Hockey', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23834720,23834720
Long Shot,"A Standalone FORBIDDEN LOVE SET IN THE EXPLOSIVE WORLD OF THE NBA...Think you know what it's like being a baller's girl?You don't.My fairy tale is upside down.A happily never after.I kissed the prince and he turned into a fraud.I was a fool, and his love - fool's gold.Now there's a new player in the game, August West. One of the NBA's brightest stars.Fine. Forbidden. He wants me. I want him.But my past, my fraudulent prince, just won't let me go.*Contains domestic/sexual abuse not involving the hero. Read reviews for further guidance.","March 20, 2018",40101,6522,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Abuse']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39336718,39336718
Dangerous Hearts,"His heart beats for the music. She's his favorite song.Lyric Cassidy knows a thing or two about bad boy rock stars with raspy vocals. In fact, her heart was just played by one. So when she takes an assignment as road manager for the world famous rock star, Wolf, she's prepared to take him on, full suit of heart-armor intact.Wolf is the sexy lead singer for the hottest rock band around with a line-up of guaranteed one night stands. Lyric Cassidy isn't one of them. That's fine with him. Women like Lyric come with fairytale expectations, so it should be easy to stay away. Too bad she's hot as sin with a fiery temper and a mouth that drives him wild.She's also got something to hide. Something he discovers. Something he wants ...Sharing a tour bus, neither of them are prepared for the miles of road ahead and the fierce attraction they feel toward one another--a dangerous combination.(Authors Note: Dangerous Hearts has been rewritten from the original Dangerous Hearts, formally published under Mia McAdams.)","May 18, 2017",2197,348,"['Romance', 'Music', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Musicians', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35140996,35140996
Vicious,"EmiliaThey say love and hate are the same feelings experienced under different circumstances, and it’s true. The man who comes to me in my dreams also haunts me in my nightmares. He is a brilliant lawyer. A skilled criminal. A beautiful liar. A bully and a savior, a monster and a lover.Ten years ago, he made me run away from the small town where we lived. Now, he came for me in New York, and he isn’t leaving until he takes me with him.ViciousShe is a starving artist. Pretty and evasive like cherry blossom. Ten years ago, she barged into my life unannounced and turned everything upside down. She paid the price.Emilia LeBlanc is completely off-limits, my best friend’s ex-girlfriend. The woman who knows my darkest secret, and the daughter of the cheap Help we hired to take care of our estate. That should deter me from chasing her, but it doesn’t. So she hates me. Big fucking deal. She better get used to me.","December 27, 2016",127663,11341,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Dark', 'Adult', 'High School']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30839185,30839185
Wrecking Ball,"An older version of this ASIN can be found hereCam DeSantis’ life is a mess. How else would you describe losing your husband, your job, and your money all at once? Desperate times call for desperate measures. So when salvation comes in the form of one intolerable jerk, she has no choice but to accept his offer as a nanny for his eight year old nephew. Now all she has to do is find a way to ignore him for the next three months. Which is easier said than done.NFL quarterback Calvin Shaw has zero interest in women. It’s not that he doesn’t like women. In fact, he loves women. He just doesn’t want anything to do with them. What he needs to do is focus on winning another Super Bowl before he retires. Problem is, the woman living in his house is a major distraction. And he doesn’t know what’s worse, that he promised to be civil, or that he’s attracted to her.Best laid plans are going to get wrecked when a reclusive football star is forced to live with a reluctant nanny.","January 19, 2017",16301,1554,"['Romance', 'Sports', 'Sports Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Football', 'Humor']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36383389,36383389
RoomHate,"Sharing a summer house with a hot-as-hell roommate should be a dream come true, right? Not when it’s Justin… the only person I’d ever loved… who now hates me.When my grandmother died and left me half of the house on Aquidneck Island, there was a catch: the other half would go to the boy she helped raise.The same boy who turned into the teenager whose heart I broke years ago.The same teenager who’s now a man with a hard body and a hardass personality to match.I hadn’t seen him in years, and now we’re living together because neither one of us is willing to give up the house.The worst part? He didn’t come alone.I’d soon realize there’s a thin line between love and hate. I could see through that smug smile. Beneath it all…the boy is still there. So is our connection. The problem is…now that I can’t have Justin, I’ve never wanted him more.Author's note – RoomHate is a full-length standalone novel. Due to strong language and sexual content, this book is not intended for readers under the age of 18.","February 3, 2016",65573,6181,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Music', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27083865,27083865
Bully,"My name is Tate. He doesn't call me that, though. He would never refer to me so informally, if he referred to me at all. No, he'll barely even speak to me.But he still won't leave me alone.We were best friends once. Then he turned on me and made it his mission to ruin my life. I've been humiliated, shut out, and gossiped about all through high school. His pranks and rumors got more sadistic as time wore on, and I made myself sick trying to stay out of his way. I even went to France for a year, just to avoid him.But I'm done hiding from him now, and there's no way in hell I'll allow him to ruin my senior year. He might not have changed, but I have. It's time to fight back. I'm not going to let him bully me anymore.***This novel contains adult/mature young adult situations. It is only suitable for ages 18+ due to language, violence, and sexual situations.","June 17, 2013",184659,13502,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Young Adult', 'High School', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Abuse']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20803953,20803953
Dark Notes,"They call me a slut. Maybe I am.Sometimes I do things I despise.Sometimes men take without asking.But I have a musical gift, only a year left of high school, and a plan.With one obstacle.Emeric Marceaux doesn’t just take.He seizes my will power and bangs it like a dark note.When he commands me to play, I want to give him everything.I kneel for his punishments, tremble for his touch, and risk it all for our stolen moments.He’s my obsession, my master, my music.And my teacher.","April 3, 2016",23490,3045,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'BDSM', 'Erotica', 'Contemporary', 'Abuse', 'High School']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28435457,28435457
Bound by Honor,"A modern mafia fairytale.Born into one of the leading mob families in Chicago, Aria Scuderi is a mafia princess known for her beauty. What many consider a gift means her doom when she’s forced to marry Luca Vitiello to bring peace between two mafia dynasties. Luca is the future Capo of the New York Famiglia, a man known for his brutality—and for crushing his cousin’s throat with his bare hands.Aria is terrified of marrying a monster like him. He may be one of the most sought-after bachelors in New York, thanks to his good looks, wealth and predator-like charisma. But Aria knows the bad boy aura isn’t just a game; blood and death lurk beneath Luca’s striking gray eyes and arrogant smile.In her world a handsome exterior often hides the monster within; a monster who can just as easily kill as kiss you.Yet, there’s no escaping the arranged bond, much less a man like Luca. He’d follow her to the end of the world.Her only chance to survive in a marriage with Luca is to gain his affection and work her way into his heart—even when rumor has it that Luca doesn’t have a heart to begin with.A mafia princess known for her beauty given to a monstrous man. Even monsters have a heart.She has every intention of working her way into his.","December 6, 2014",94983,7725,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Crime']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51525075,51525075
Him,"Blake~ I finally had my baby girl back home, but she came with a little baggage in the shape of her best friend. I could deal with that for some more time with my daughter. Only problem is, Bay's not exactly what I'd expected. I'd been through hell and back with my ex, but even that didn't compare to the turmoil that girl causes me. My stomach aches every time she's in the room with me, and we're drawn like magnets, but she can never be anything to me. Bay is young, vibrant and beautiful, and totally off limits. My daughter's best friend has finally injected some color back into my dull life, and I can't seem to give her up.  Bay~ It was financial desperation that had me moving in with Georgia's Dad. Her and I had been friends since we were kids, but with her parents long divorced, I'd never met the man. Now, with my boxes unpacked and my backpack ready to start college, I was settling down into a room across the hall from her, and her dad. The man is sin, wrapped in work boots and a blue collar, and I can't help but capture him in the frame of my camera. It was blaspheme to let such perfection go to waste when it could be encapsulated in film forever. But then he became more than a subject, he became my muse. Right or not, accepted or not, I had to have him. And nobody could stop me. Nobody but HIM.","Published February 14, 2020",3638,308,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'College', 'Erotica', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51239372,51239372
Hands Down,"Before he was Big Texas, he was Zac the Snack Pack.Bianca Brannen knows time--mostly--heals all wounds. Including those your once loved ones might have unintentionally given you. (Those just take longer.)She thinks she’s ready when a call has her walking back into her old friend’s life. Or at least as prepared as possible to see the starting quarterback in the National Football Organization. Before the lights, the fans, and the millions, he’d been a skinny kid with a heart of gold. Waltzing out of Zac Travis’s life should be easy. Just as easy as he walked out of hers.","July 2, 2020",39993,4246,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Football']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54370827,54370827
Beautiful Mistake,"The first time I met Caine West was in a bar.He noticed me looking his way and mistakenly read my scowling as checking him out.When he attempted to talk to me, I set him straight — telling him what I thought of his lying, cheating, ego-maniacal ass.You see, the gorgeous jerk had wined and dined my best friend - smooth talking her into his bed, all along failing to mention that he was married.He deserved every bit of my tongue-lashing and more for what he'd done.Especially when that lazy smile graced his perfect face in response to my rant.Only it turned out, the man I'd just told off wasn't the right guy.Oops. My mistake.Embarrassed, I slunk out without an apology.I was never going to see the handsome stranger again anyway, right?That’s what I thought… until I walked into class the next morning.Well, hello Professor West, I’m your new teaching assistant.I’ll be working under you… figuratively speaking.Although the literal interpretation might not be such a bad thing — working under, Professor West.This was going to be interesting…","August 3, 2017",36769,3144,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'College', 'Audiobook', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36107506,36107506
My Darling Arrow,"Darling Arrow,I shouldn’t be writing this. It’s not as if I’m ever going to send you this letter and there are a million reasons why.First of all, I was sent to St. Mary’s School for Troubled Teenagers – an all-girls reform school – as a punishment for a petty, totally inconsequential crime. Not to ogle the principal’s hot son around the campus.Second of all, you’re a giant jerk. You’re arrogant and moody and so cold. Sometimes I think I shouldn’t even like you.But strangely your coldness sets me on fire. The way your athletic body moves on the soccer field and the way your powerful thighs sprawl across that bike of yours, make me go inappropriately breathless. But that’s not the worst part. The worst part is that you, Arrow Carlisle, are not only the principal’s hot son. You also happen to be the love of my sister’s life. And I really shouldn’t be thinking about my sister’s boyfriend or rather fiancé (I overheard a conversation about the ring that I shouldn’t have.)Now if I can only stop writing you these meaningless letters that I’ll never send and you’ll never read…Never yours,SalemNOTE: This book is a standalone and DOES NOT contain cheating.","January 1, 2020",10770,1782,"['Romance', 'Sports', 'Sports Romance', 'New Adult', 'High School', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52194105,52194105
Undeniable,"Librarian's note: Alternate cover edition of ASIN B009N539DS.Warning: This is not a typical love story. This is an all-consuming, soul-crushing, tear-your-heart-into-pieces story. It’s intense, gritty and raw, dark and disturbing, and it doesn’t happen overnight. This is an epic love story that knows no boundaries and has no time limits. It grows and develops—with hurt, sacrifice, and heartache—over the span of a lifetime. Eva Fox is the princess of the Silver Demons Motorcycle Club. Growing up with bikers in the club lifestyle is all that she knows. When she’s a young girl, Eva meets the reason for her existence. Deuce West is the sexy, biker bad-ass of the Hell’s Horsemen Motorcycle Club. Like Eva, he was born and raised in the club—but that’s where the similarities end. Their first meeting is innocent, but as Eva matures into a woman, their chance reunions evolve into a fit of lust and love. Fate continues to bring them together time and time again, but their twisted journey is filled with pain, betrayal, and bloodshed that could tear them apart. Eva sees in Deuce what he cannot see in himself—a man worthy of love—and Eva spends her lifetime proving to him that her undeniable love is the one thing he can’t live without. This is Eva and Deuce’s story. It wasn’t easy. Nothing worth doing ever is.And love is worth everything.","October 6, 2012",49797,4917,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Erotica', 'Adult', 'Abuse']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36535222,36535222
All the Lies,"When lies become the truth.My name is Reina Ellis.Popular.Beautiful.Untouchable.Problem is, I remember none of it.His name is Asher Carson.Gorgeous.Silent.Dark.Oh, and my future husband.He has three rules for me:I'll bow. I'll break. I'll pay for what I’ve done.Problem is, I don’t remember what I’ve done, but I have a clue.There was a fire.A dead girl.And I was there.All The Lies is a dark new adult book that contains dubious situations some readers might find offensive and/or triggering. If you're looking for a hero, you won't find him in Asher Carson. Please don't read if any of that bothers you.All The Lies is part of a duet and is not standalone.","March 12, 2020",19773,1774,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'New Adult', 'College', 'Contemporary', 'Mystery', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50530098,50530098
The Goal,"Librarian's note: An alternate cover edition can be found hereShe’s good at achieving her goals…College senior Sabrina James has her whole future planned out: graduate from college, kick butt in law school, and land a high-paying job at a cutthroat firm. Her path to escaping her shameful past certainly doesn’t include a gorgeous hockey player who believes in love at first sight. One night of sizzling heat and surprising tenderness is all she’s willing to give John Tucker, but sometimes, one night is all it takes for your entire life to change.But the game just got a whole lot more complicated...Tucker believes being a team player is as important as being the star. On the ice, he’s fine staying out of the spotlight, but when it comes to becoming a daddy at the age of twenty-two, he refuses to be a bench warmer. It doesn’t hurt that the soon-to-be mother of his child is beautiful, whip-smart, and keeps him on his toes. The problem is, Sabrina’s heart is locked up tight, and the fiery brunette is too stubborn to accept his help. If he wants a life with the woman of his dreams, he’ll have to convince her that some goals can only be made with an assist.","September 26, 2016",188897,14483,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'New Adult', 'Sports', 'Contemporary', 'College', 'Hockey']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28262024,28262024
Bennett Mafia,"There were always whispers about my roommate at Hillcrest Academy.  The wealthiest of the wealthy sent their kids to our boarding school, and Brooke Bennett had been at the top, though I never quite knew why. She was fun and outgoing, but she kept quiet about her family. The only things she showed me were photographs of her brothers.  I became fascinated with her second-oldest brother. Kai Bennett.  He was the most of them all. Smoldering. Hypnotic. Alluring. Kai had eyes that pulled me in and a face that haunted my dreams.  Then I met him.  He came to our school with their father, and that’s when I learned what kind of family Brooke came from. They were mafia, and Brooke’s oldest brother was dead. Her father said accident, but Brooke said murder.  Three months later, her father died, and Kai became the head of the Bennett Family. Brooke left Hillcrest for good, and that was the last time I saw her.  Fourteen years later, I’m staring at her face on the television. Brooke is missing.  Two days later, Kai Bennett kidnaps me.  ** This is a 120k complete standalone. ** There is a bonus chapter from another book at the end.","March 4, 2019",17047,1805,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Crime', 'Suspense']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44222846,44222846
Sledgehammer,"Take one outspoken actress, put her under the same roof with an overworked lawyer, and watch the slow burn bring down the house. A standalone novel. Books in this series can be read separately and out of order.Amber Jones is in a pickle. And when I say pickle, I mean a world of trouble. She knew she shouldn't have gone to her ex's New Year's Eve party. And she reeeaally didn't mean to almost burn down his house. Now she needs a good lawyer, stat. But where to find one?  Ethan Vaughn is a very busy man. He really shouldn't have agreed to spring Amber Jones out of jail. As the most sought after lawyer in professional football, he should be focused on representing his NFL clients--not an accident-prone, struggling actress. Now she's remanded on bail, and living in his house. The woman is a walking talking disaster. And considering his track record, he needs to stay as far away from this one as possible. Problem is, he's finally met the one he's willing to risk it all for.","September 11, 2017",6778,633,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Humor', 'Sports', 'Sports Romance', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35687395,35687395
Luna and the Lie,"The problem with secrets is that they’re too easy to keep collecting.Luna Allen has done some things she would rather no one ever know about. She also knows that, if she could go back in time, she wouldn’t change a single thing.With three sisters she loves, a job she (mostly) adores, and a family built up of friends she’s made over the years, Luna figures everything has worked out the way it was supposed to.But when one of those secrets involves the man who signs her paycheck, she can’t find it in her to regret it. Despite the fact that he’s not the friendliest man in the world. Or the most patient.Sometimes there are things you’re better off keeping to yourself.","December 12, 2018",52894,5603,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Fiction', 'Abuse']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42883009,42883009
All Rhodes Lead Here,Losing people you love is hard.Aurora De La Torre knows moving back to a place that was once home isn’t going to be easy.Starting your whole life over probably isn’t supposed to be.But a small town in the mountains might be the perfect remedy for a broken heart.Checking out her landlord across the driveway just might cure it too.,"April 1, 2021",92550,11595,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'New Adult', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/57605091,57605091
We Were Liars,"A beautiful and distinguished family.A private island.A brilliant, damaged girl; a passionate, political boy.A group of four friends—the Liars—whose friendship turns destructive.A revolution. An accident. A secret.Lies upon lies.True love.The truth. We Were Liars is a modern, sophisticated suspense novel from New York Times bestselling author, National Book Award finalist, and Printz Award honoree E. Lockhart. Read it.And if anyone asks you how it ends, just LIE.","May 13, 2014",1080092,104971,"['Young Adult', 'Mystery', 'Contemporary', 'Fiction', 'Romance', 'Thriller', 'Mystery Thriller']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16143347,16143347
Mexican Gothic,"After receiving a frantic letter from her newly-wed cousin begging for someone to save her from a mysterious doom, Noemí Taboada heads to High Place, a distant house in the Mexican countryside. She’s not sure what she will find—her cousin’s husband, a handsome Englishman, is a stranger, and Noemí knows little about the region.  Noemí is also an unlikely rescuer: She’s a glamorous debutante, and her chic gowns and perfect red lipstick are more suited for cocktail parties than amateur sleuthing. But she’s also tough and smart, with an indomitable will, and she is not afraid: Not of her cousin’s new husband, who is both menacing and alluring; not of his father, the ancient patriarch who seems to be fascinated by Noemí; and not even of the house itself, which begins to invade Noemí’s dreams with visions of blood and doom. Her only ally in this inhospitable abode is the family’s youngest son. Shy and gentle, he seems to want to help Noemí, but might also be hiding dark knowledge of his family’s past. For there are many secrets behind the walls of High Place. The family’s once colossal wealth and faded mining empire kept them from prying eyes, but as Noemí digs deeper she unearths stories of violence and madness.  And Noemí, mesmerized by the terrifying yet seductive world of High Place, may soon find it impossible to ever leave this enigmatic house behind.","June 30, 2020",316619,46004,"['Horror', 'Fiction', 'Historical Fiction', 'Gothic', 'Mystery', 'Fantasy', 'Thriller']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53152636,53152636
Anti-Stepbrother,"He told me to 'settle, girl.' He asked if 'something was wrong with me?' He said I was an ‘easy target.’ That was within minutes when I first met Caden Banks. I labeled him an *sshole, but he was more than that. Arrogant. Smug. Alpha. He was also to-die-for gorgeous, and my stepbrother’s fraternity brother. Okay, yes I was a little naive, a tad bit socially awkward, and the smallest amount of stalker-ish, but if Caden Banks thought he could tell me what to do, he had another thing coming. I came to college with daydreams about being with my stepbrother, but what if I fell for the anti-stepbrother instead?","August 22, 2016",28574,2311,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'College', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Young Adult', 'Humor']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30253700,30253700
From Lukov with Love,"If someone were to ask Jasmine Santos to describe the last few years of her life with a single word, it would definitely be a four-letter one.After seventeen years—and countless broken bones and broken promises—she knows her window to compete in figure skating is coming to a close.But when the offer of a lifetime comes in from an arrogant idiot she’s spent the last decade dreaming about pushing in the way of a moving bus, Jasmine might have to reconsider everything.Including Ivan Lukov.","February 1, 2018",221852,29907,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Sports', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/37683751,37683751
Where the Crawdads Sing,"For years, rumors of the “Marsh Girl” haunted Barkley Cove, a quiet fishing village. Kya Clark is barefoot and wild; unfit for polite society. So in late 1969, when the popular Chase Andrews is found dead, locals immediately suspect her.But Kya is not what they say. A born naturalist with just one day of school, she takes life's lessons from the land, learning the real ways of the world from the dishonest signals of fireflies. But while she has the skills to live in solitude forever, the time comes when she yearns to be touched and loved. Drawn to two young men from town, who are each intrigued by her wild beauty, Kya opens herself to a new and startling world—until the unthinkable happens.In Where the Crawdads Sing, Owens juxtaposes an exquisite ode to the natural world against a profound coming of age story and haunting mystery. Thought-provoking, wise, and deeply moving, Owens’s debut novel reminds us that we are forever shaped by the child within us, while also subject to the beautiful and violent secrets that nature keeps.The story asks how isolation influences the behavior of a young woman, who like all of us, has the genetic propensity to belong to a group. The clues to the mystery are brushed into the lush habitat and natural histories of its wild creatures.","August 14, 2018",2700431,193916,"['Fiction', 'Historical Fiction', 'Mystery', 'Romance', 'Audiobook', 'Contemporary', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36809135,36809135
Scoring Wilder,"
What started out as a joke— seduce Coach Wilder—soon became a goal she had to score.
With Olympic tryouts on the horizon, the last thing nineteen-year-old Kinsley Bryant needs to add to her plate is Liam Wilder. He's a professional soccer player, America's favorite bad-boy, and has all the qualities of a skilled panty-dropper.• A face that makes girls weep – check. • Abs that can shred Parmesan cheese (the expensive kind) – check. • Enough confidence to shift the earth’s gravitational pull – double check.Not to mention Liam is strictly 
off limits
. Forbidden. Her coaches have made that perfectly clear. (i.e. “Score with Coach Wilder anywhere other than the field and you’ll be cut from the team faster than you can count his tattoos.”) But that just makes him all the more enticing…Besides, Kinsley's already counted the visible ones, and she is not one to leave a project unfinished.Kinsley tries to play the game her way as they navigate through forbidden territory, but Liam is determined to teach her a whole new definition for the term “team bonding.” A fun & sexy New Adult Romance (age 17+)","June 15, 2014",32608,2605,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Sports', 'Sports Romance', 'Contemporary', 'College', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21843117,21843117
Waking Olivia,"""That girl isn't just trouble of the not-a-team-player, not-a-reliable-runner variety. She's trouble of the devious, manipulative, too-f***ing-hot-for-her-own good variety. She's the kind of girl who causes trouble merely by existing, and then makes sure to cause more. And the last thing I need right now is more trouble.""A failing farm.His father’s debt.And a struggling college track team. Will Langstrom has too many responsibilities, and the last thing he needs is Olivia Finnegan, a beautiful but troubled new transfer student.A smart mouth. A strong right hook.And a secret that could destroy her. Olivia is her own worst enemy, with a past she can’t seem to escape, and the last person she wants help from is a cocky track coach she can never seem to please.Refusing to be pushed away, Will is determined to save her. And determined to resist an attraction that could destroy them both.","March 1, 2016",25870,2807,"['Romance', 'Sports', 'Sports Romance', 'New Adult', 'College', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29103642,29103642
Beautiful Disaster,"The new Abby Abernathy is a good girl. She doesn’t drink or swear, and she has the appropriate number of cardigans in her wardrobe. Abby believes she has enough distance from the darkness of her past, but when she arrives at college with her best friend, her path to a new beginning is quickly challenged by Eastern University's Walking One-Night Stand. Travis Maddox, lean, cut, and covered in tattoos, is exactly what Abby needs—and wants—to avoid. He spends his nights winning money in a floating fight ring, and his days as the ultimate college campus charmer. Intrigued by Abby’s resistance to his appeal, Travis tricks her into his daily life with a simple bet. If he loses, he must remain abstinent for a month. If Abby loses, she must live in Travis’s apartment for the same amount of time. Either way, Travis has no idea that he has met his match.","May 26, 2011",665202,33672,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Young Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'College', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11505797,11505797
Punk 57,"""We were perfect together. Until we met."" MishaI can’t help but smile at the words in her letter. She misses me.In fifth grade, my teacher set us up with pen pals from a different school. Thinking I was a girl, with a name like Misha, the other teacher paired me up with her student, Ryen. My teacher, believing Ryen was a boy like me, agreed.It didn’t take long for us to figure out the mistake. And in no time at all, we were arguing about everything. The best take-out pizza. Android vs. iPhone. Whether or not Eminem is the greatest rapper ever…And that was the start. For the next seven years, it was us.Her letters are always on black paper with silver writing. Sometimes there’s one a week or three in a day, but I need them. She’s the only one who keeps me on track, talks me down, and accepts everything I am. We only had three rules. No social media, no phone numbers, no pictures. We had a good thing going. Why ruin it? Until I run across a photo of a girl online. Name’s Ryen, loves Gallo’s pizza, and worships her iPhone. What are the chances?F*ck it. I need to meet her.I just don’t expect to hate what I find.RyenHe hasn’t written in three months. Something’s wrong. Did he die? Get arrested? Knowing Misha, neither would be a stretch.Without him around, I’m going crazy. I need to know someone is listening. It’s my own fault. I should've gotten his number or picture or something. He could be gone forever.Or right under my nose, and I wouldn’t even know it.","October 18, 2016",365401,34596,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Young Adult', 'High School', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41021967,41021967
The Villain,"Cruel. Coldblooded. Hades in a Brioni suit.Cillian Fitzpatrick has been dubbed every wicked thing on planet earth.To the media, he is The Villain.To me, he is the man who (reluctantly) saved my life.Now I need him to do me another, small solid.Bail me out of the mess my husband got me into.What’s a hundred grand to one of the wealthiest men in America, anyway?Only Cillian doesn’t hand out free favors.The price for the money, it turns out, is my freedom.Now I’m the eldest Fitzpatrick brother’s little toy.To play, to mold, to break.Too bad Cillian forgot one, tiny detail.Persephone wasn’t only the goddess of spring; she was also the queen of death.He thinks I’ll buckle under the weight of his mind games.He is about to find out the most lethal poison is also the sweetest.","December 17, 2020",46150,4298,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Dark', 'Adult', 'Erotica']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52322156,52322156
The Darkest Temptation,"""This story is dark romance at its best. Simply perfection!"" – Charmaine Pauls, USA Today bestselling authorA fortune teller once told Mila she’d find a man who would take her breath away. She refrained from telling her it would be literally while Mila ran for her life.Having always done what is expected of her, Mila dresses the part, only dates college boys with exemplary backgrounds, and doesn’t ask questions. Not about her papa’s absences or his refusal to let her set foot in her birthplace—Russia.Suffocated by the rules and unanswered questions, Mila does what she’s always wanted to.She boards a plane to Moscow.She never expected to fall for a man on the way. One with unexplained wealth, tattoos on his hands, and secrets in his eyes. But it doesn’t take long for his caress to become a rough grasp muffling her screams.Revenge is a dish best served cold. Unfortunately, a Russian winter is the coldest of them all, and Mila soon learns the only way to escape intact is to do the impossible and thaw her captor’s heart.","December 10, 2020",93144,8775,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/56250307,56250307
Sweet Dandelion,"Dandelion Meadows is cursed.Horrible name.Horrible luck.At eighteen she should be headed off to college, all smiles and naivety.Instead, a victim of a school shooting, she’s starting her senior year in a new city and living with her brother.Nightmares of that terrible day haunt her, affecting her daily life and the relationships around her.Forced to meet with the school counselor, Dani finds him chipping away at the walls she’s built around herself, and even her heart.Lachlan Taylor doesn’t know what to make at first of the broken student he’s tasked with helping. She’s survived a trauma he’s not sure he can save her from, but he knows he has to try.The more time they spend together, the more they learn about what it really means to live. Some things are forbidden.Some things are necessary for survival.Their love is both.","March 25, 2020",12410,1576,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'High School', 'Contemporary', 'Young Adult', 'Mental Health']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48745819,48745819
The Not-Outcast,"Cutler Ryder was everything I wasn’t. He was the hockey star. I was an outcast. He was best friends with my stepbrother, that same stepbrother who hated me. His two parents loved him. My mom was a junkie. My dad barely knew me. Years passed. I got my life together. Cut went onto NHL stardom. Then there was a text. I was drinking. There was a party. Cut was there… I loved Cutler Ryder since the first moment I saw him. The only problem? He never knew I existed. ** This is a 103k sports romance standalone!","December 1, 2020",16418,1851,"['Sports', 'Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Hockey']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/56074484,56074484
Hate to Love You,"Rule #1: No hot guys.It might sound ridiculous. I get it. It kind of is, but college was supposed to be my sanctuary. It was my place to start over. The rumors, the whispers, and the jealousy I endured through high school would all be gone.No one would know me at college.Rule #2: No drama.I’d major in pre-law. I’d make a few loyal friends. Everything would be easy breezy. No one was going to use me or hurt me. I wouldn’t let them. Rule #3: New year. New place. New me.Right?Wrong.And all because of Shay Coleman.Football captain and quarterback, he was the big guy on campus. The cocky guy in my political science class with a smirk. I hated him on sight . . .. . . and he was about to break all my rules.","August 26, 2017",18923,1534,"['Romance', 'College', 'New Adult', 'Sports', 'Contemporary', 'Sports Romance', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34853951,34853951
Doughn't Let Me Go,"It was just supposed to be one night.No kissing. No feelings. A wham-bam-thank-you-ma’am tangle in the sheets and we go our own ways.Only it’s a small town, and I was bound to run into the irresistible Porter Jones again.I just didn’t expect it to be at my job interview…which he’s conducting.Now the live-in nanny to his adorable seven-year-old daughter, I’m doing my best to avoid falling for his charms.Except it’s much harder than either of us anticipated.What’s a few romps between friends?No kissing. No feelings. Just fun.Sounds simple, right?Right…","February 5, 2020",2095,378,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Humor', 'New Adult', 'Childrens', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49561047,49561047
Birthday Girl,"JORDANHe took me in when I had nowhere else to go. He doesn’t use me, hurt me, or forget about me. He listens to me, protects me, and sees me. I can feel his eyes on me over the breakfast table, and my heart pumps so hard when I hear him pull in the driveway after work. I have to stop this. It can’t happen. My sister once told me there are no good men, and if you find one, he’s probably unavailable. Only Pike Lawson isn’t the unavailable one. I am. PIKEI took her in, because I thought I was helping. As the days go by, though, it’s becoming anything but easy. I have to stop my mind from drifting to her and stop holding my breath every time I bump into her in the house. I can’t touch her, and I shouldn’t want to. But we’re not free to give into this. She’s nineteen, and I’m thirty-eight. And her boyfriend’s father. Unfortunately, they both just moved into my house.","April 15, 2018",243318,22165,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39555142,39555142
The Maddest Obsession,"She fears the dark. He rules it.  Her dresses are too tight, her heels too tall. She laughs too loudly, eats without decorum, and mixes up most sayings in the book. Little do most know it’s just a sparkly disguise, there to hide one panic attack at a time.  Nobody can crack Gianna’s facade . . . no one anyway, until he comes along.  Most see a paragon of morality; a special agent upholding the law. In the New York underworld, others know him as a hustler, a killer, his nature as cold as the heart of ice in his chest. Christian Allister has always followed the life plan he’d envisioned in his youth, beneath the harsh lights of a frigid, damp cell. With a proclivity for order and the number three, he’s never been tempted to veer off course. But perhaps one should never say never . . .  One winter night and their lives intertwine. She hates him—his stone-cold demeanor, his arrogance and too-perceptive eye—but over the years, even as their games consist of insulting each other’s looks and intelligence, she begins to live to play with him.  Nowhere in Christian’s plans had he ever prepared for Gianna. She’s chaos embodied, not his type, and married, but none of that can stop his eyes from following her wherever she goes.  All along, she doesn’t even know that she’s his—his frustration, his fascination.  His maddest obsession.","April 15, 2019",128982,12165,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40613322,40613322
Rule,"Opposites in every way . . . except the one that matters Shaw Landon loved Rule Archer from the moment she laid eyes on him. Rule is everything a straight-A pre-med student like Shaw shouldn’t want—and the only person she’s never tried to please. She isn’t afraid of his scary piercings and tattoos or his wild attitude. Though she knows that Rule is wrong for her, her heart just won’t listen.To a rebel like Rule Archer, Shaw Landon is a stuck-up, perfect princess-and his dead twin brother’s girl. She lives by other people’s rules; he makes his own. He doesn’t have time for a good girl like Shaw-even if she’s the only one who can see the person he truly is.But a short skirt, too many birthday cocktails, and spilled secrets lead to a night neither can forget. Now, Shaw and Rule have to figure out how a girl like her and a guy like him are supposed to be together without destroying their love . . . or each other.","December 30, 2012",99361,6192,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'College', 'Young Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17200687,17200687
Breathless,"The boy next door has always made her breathless. Joey… I wouldn’t say I ran away exactly—twenty-two is too old for that. I’d call it self-preservation.I have one objective: protect my heart from the boy next door who has no clue I’ve loved him my whole life, even with a front row seat to his revolving bedroom door.My escape plan almost worked. Except I left one thing behind.Logan Carter hijacked my heart, and now it’s time to get it back. This time for good.Logan…I wouldn’t say I’ve been lying this whole time—not about everything. Not about how much I miss my best friend, and definitely not about how pissed I am that she left with hardly a goodbye.She’s the last person I ever expected to ghost me, and her absence left a gaping hole in my chest.When Joey Grayson steps off that bus, I know I’ll do anything to keep her home, and that means finding out the truth. But I’m not sure how to tell her my truths when I’m living so many lies.","February 18, 2020",3192,553,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Westerns']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51913145,51913145
Reckless,"*** A USA TODAY BESTSELLER ***Tori…For the record, I’m not going to hook up with my boss.I'm a lot of things—a screwup, a basket case, a flunky. But when I take a nanny job to be near my pregnant sister, I swear to myself I’ll walk the straight and narrow, which means I cannot fall for my insanely hot boss.I don't want to be tempted by that rugged rancher. By his chiseled muscles or southern charm or the way he snuggles his kids at bedtime. Ethan Carter won't get the key to my heart, no matter how much I want him. Ethan…Between us, she's the last thing I need as I finalize my hellish divorce. What sane man trying to rebuild his life wants a hot nanny with long, sexy hair, curves for miles, and a smart mouth? A perfectly kissable, pouty mouth that I shouldn't notice.My focus is on my kids and my ranch, not the insufferable siren who sleeps in the room next to mine. It doesn't matter that she wins over my kids in a heartbeat or runs my life better than I do. Tori Duran is the one woman I can't have and shouldn't want, no matter how much I crave her.RECKLESS is a standalone companion novel in the Texas Nights series. BREATHLESS, Joey and Logan's book, releases Feb. 18, 2020!","February 20, 2018",9418,1061,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Westerns', 'Audiobook', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36130400,36130400
Park Avenue Player,"It started out like any normal day.  Then the fender bender happened.  The guy I collided with drove an expensive car and was drop-dead gorgeous. Too bad he was also a total jerk. We argued over whose fault it was and any other thing that came out of his condescending mouth. Eventually, the police came and we went our separate ways. The insurance companies would have to figure things out. I had a job interview to get to anyway—one I was excited about.  Though that excitement changed to disappointment the moment the person interviewing me walked in. The guy from the accident. Whoops! Yeah, so I didn’t get the position. The problem was, I really wanted it. No, I needed it. Anything to get me out of my current career and back into working with kids. So, even though Hollis LaCroix was as intimidating as he was devastatingly handsome, I went back to see him and begged for a chance. To my surprise, he gave me a shot taking care of his troubled niece. At least my attraction to him wouldn’t be able to go anywhere. I wasn’t about to jeopardize my job or the strong bond Hailey and I formed.  But resisting the magnetic pull between us wasn’t that simple. (Then there was our little underwear game—don’t ask.) We continued to flirt without crossing the line—until it finally happened.  This is the part of the story where we fall in love and live happily ever after, right? Well, life has a way of throwing some major curveballs. Ours was one I didn’t see coming.","September 23, 2019",23266,1958,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52197788,52197788
Broken and Screwed,"Alexandra's older brother died the night he graduated. That day changed everything for her. No longer was she the party girl. No longer did she care about being popular and no longer was her family the happy unit she always thought existed. The only person who could help her heal is the same person who loved her brother as much as she did, his best friend. She only hopes to keep her entire heart from breaking when Jesse will move on, and she knows he will. After Ethan died, Jesse excelled at basketball, partying, and girls. He used it all to turn his emotions off, but the irony was that Alex was the only person who could do that for him. She helped him forget, but she was the one person he shouldn't be with because the secrets he knows could shatter everything. They could shatter her.","February 7, 2013",19261,1058,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'Young Adult', 'Contemporary', 'High School', 'Contemporary Romance', 'College']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17344385,17344385
Enemies,"Stone Reeves was my neighbor, and I’ve hated him since sixth grade.Gorgeous and charismatic, he became the town’s football god, while I became the town’s invisible girl.He went to a Division 1 school for football, while my father was fired by his father.His team won the National Championship, while my mother died the same day.He was a first round pick for the NFL ...… while I made the worst decision of my life.Now I’m in Texas trying to pick up the pieces of my life.But, Stone is here.Stone is everywhere.It doesn’t matter that disaster has struck my life again.It doesn’t matter that he’s the one trying to console me.It doesn’t matter that he’s the nation’s newest football obsession.Because for me, he always has been and always will be my enemy.** Enemies is a 100k enemies-to-lovers football romance standalone!","December 2, 2019",47509,4359,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'New Adult', 'College', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49047293,49047293
Catching Jordan,"ONE OF THE BOYSWhat girl doesn't want to be surrounded by gorgeous jocks day in and day out? Jordan Woods isn't just surrounded by hot guys, though-she leads them as the captain and quarterback of her high school football team. They all see her as one of the guys and that's just fine. As long as she gets her athletic scholarship to a powerhouse university.But everything she's ever worked for is threatened when Ty Green moves to her school. Not only is he an amazing QB, but he's also amazingly hot. And for the first time, Jordan's feeling vulnerable. Can she keep her head in the game while her heart's on the line?","December 1, 2011",62525,3743,"['Young Adult', 'Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Sports', 'High School', 'Chick Lit', 'Young Adult Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9888775,9888775
The Promise,"Reed Bradford and Joey Lawson's story How far would you go to keep a promise?  Reed Bradford never should have made that promise.  He’d barely survived the first time around, but now she was back, his best friend’s little sister, his one-time neighbor, and the woman that he never should have promised to protect. He never should have done a lot of things, like cross that line, but once he did…  There was no turning back.  Joey Lawson always had a plan, but unfortunately, mostly for her, sometimes those plans backfired. On her. This time would be no different. After the unfortunate incident that she felt was better not to think about, she found herself doing the one thing that she’d never survive.  Falling in love with a Bradford.","February 26, 2019",5376,362,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Humor', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Chick Lit']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40807398,40807398
Sin With Me,"The past she can’t remember. The secret he hides. And a love that’s worth risking it all. After a devastating car crash stole both her family and her memory, Grace Stanton was left with no past and an uncertain future. Now Grace likes to keep things simple. No sleepovers, never date a guy more than a month, and never, ever fall in love. Which is exactly why Grace avoids Bad Habit’s lead guitarist, Brody Scott, at all costs. The green-eyed, sexy-as-hell musician has “trouble” tattooed all over him, and Grace isn’t taking any chances with her heart. Brody knows he doesn’t deserve an amazing woman like Grace—her creamy skin, red hair, or that smart mouth that fuels his every fantasy—but there’s something between them that’s more than chemistry. Something real . He’ll just have to convince Grace that he’s worth the risk—and hide the secret that haunts his worst dreams. But when fate plays a cruel hand, Brody’s darkest sin suddenly threatens his last chance at redemption—and the life of the woman he loves.","April 25, 2017",7587,529,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Music', 'Audiobook', 'Erotica', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32960545,32960545
Make Me Sin,"***RITA® Award finalist from the Romance Writers of America® for Best Contemporary Romance: Long*** Chloe Carmichael’s life feels pretty sweet—she’s both maid of honor and florist for her best friend’s A-list wedding, things are getting serious with her boyfriend, and her flower shop is about to get a spread in a national magazine. But it all quickly turns sour whenever the best man, Bad Habit drummer A.J. Edwards, shows his face...his handsome, unforgettable face. A.J. is everything Chloe doesn’t want: tattooed, selfish, and all-around bad news. So why can’t she stop thinking about him?Goody two-shoes Chloe isn’t exactly A.J.’s type, either, but the chemistry between them is undeniable. A.J. will be the first to say he isn’t a saint, but there’s something he’s not saying—something that would devastate Chloe. The only way he can protect her is to push her away, but the drummer finds he needs her now more than ever. When a wedding-day confrontation reveals secrets they’re both hiding, will Chloe and A.J. ever find their rhythm again?","January 26, 2016",11716,909,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Music', 'Audiobook', 'Musicians', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26133112,26133112
Nero,"Nero is the king of Legacy Prep, living a life of power.Elle is the school’s punching bag, living a life of fear.The only good girls Nero knows jump in his bed when he tells them to.The closest Elle has come to a bad boy like him is in the cafeteria line.The mob boss gave him orders to find out what she knows.Her mouth is sealed. I just want to be a fu**ing made man.I’m just a fu**ing waitress.","June 25, 2014",23496,1588,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'High School', 'Abuse', 'Contemporary', 'Young Adult', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22494969,22494969
Beautiful Bastard,"An ambitious intern. A perfectionist executive. And a whole lot of name calling.Whip-smart, hardworking, and on her way to an MBA, Chloe Mills has only one problem: her boss, Bennett Ryan. He's exacting, blunt, inconsiderate—and completely irresistible. A Beautiful Bastard.Bennett has returned to Chicago from France to take a vital role in his family's massive media business. He never expected that the assistant who'd been helping him from abroad was the gorgeous, innocently provocative—completely infuriating—creature he now has to see every day. Despite the rumors, he's never been one for a workplace hookup. But Chloe's so tempting he's willing to bend the rules—or outright smash them—if it means he can have her. All over the office. As their appetites for one another increase to a breaking point, Bennett and Chloe must decide exactly what they're willing to lose in order to win each other. Originally only available online as The Office by tby789 — and garnering over 2 million reads on fanfiction sites — Beautiful Bastard has been extensively updated for re-release.","February 12, 2013",201347,12151,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Erotica', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16102004,16102004
Kulti,"“Trust me, I’ve wanted to punch you in the face a time or five.”When the man you worshipped as a kid becomes your coach, it’s supposed to be the greatest thing in the world. Keywords: supposed to. It didn't take a week for 27-year-old Sal Casillas to wonder what she'd seen in the international soccer icon - why she'd ever had his posters on her wall or ever envisioned marrying him and having super-playing soccer babies.Sal had long ago gotten over the worst non-break-up in the history of imaginary relationships with a man who hadn't known she'd existed. So she isn't prepared for this version of Reiner Kulti who shows up to her team's season: a quiet, reclusive shadow of the explosive, passionate man he'd once been.","March 20, 2015",120623,14110,"['Romance', 'Sports', 'Sports Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/24044596,24044596
By Your Side,"An irresistible story from Kasie West that explores the timeless question: What do you do when you fall for the person you least expect?When Autumn Collins finds herself accidentally locked in the library for an entire weekend, she doesn't think things could get any worse. But that's before she realizes that Dax Miller is locked in with her.Autumn doesn't know much about Dax except that he's trouble. Between the rumors about the fight he was in (and that brief stint in juvie that followed it) and his reputation as a loner, he's not exactly the ideal person to be stuck with. Still, she just keeps reminding herself that it is only a matter of time before Jeff, her almost-boyfriend, realizes he left her in the library and comes to rescue her.Only he doesn't come. No one does.Instead it becomes clear that Autumn is going to have to spend the next couple of days living off vending-machine food and making conversation with a boy who clearly wants nothing to do with her. Except there is more to Dax than meets the eye.As he and Autumn at first grudgingly, and then not so grudgingly, open up to each other, Autumn is struck by their surprising connection. But can their feelings for each other survive once the weekend is over and Autumn's old life, and old love interest, threaten to pull her from Dax's side?","January 31, 2017",50035,6749,"['Romance', 'Young Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Young Adult Contemporary', 'Audiobook', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30256248,30256248
The Wall of Winnipeg and Me,"Vanessa Mazur knows she's doing the right thing. She shouldn't feel bad for quitting. Being an assistant/housekeeper/fairy godmother to the top defensive end in the National Football Organization was always supposed to be temporary. She has plans and none of them include washing extra-large underwear longer than necessary.But when Aiden Graves shows up at her door wanting her to come back, she's beyond shocked.For two years, the man known as The Wall of Winnipeg couldn't find it in him to tell her good morning or congratulate her on her birthday. Now? He's asking for the unthinkable.What do you say to the man who is used to getting everything he wants?","February 28, 2016",225155,24185,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29367958,29367958
Black Skies Riviera,"An arranged marriage mafia romance where love is a debt no sinner can pay… Issa Dubova is the queen of cloudy diamonds:A Bratva princess.My reluctant new wife.A pretty bargain in exchange for the names of the men who killed my father. I'm a black suit of spades:Determined to bury both her and my demons.I never asked to see the shape of her heart.I never asked for her to fill the blank spaces of mine. But the mafia wants her secrets.I'm not the first she betrayed.And Issa? Sweet, not-so-innocent Issa?She's now a debt no sinner can pay. Black Skies Riviera is a heart-stopping, enemies to lovers romance with NO cliff-hanger and a guaranteed HEA. For mature readers only.","August 19, 2020",4183,663,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Crime', 'Adult', 'Suspense']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53327327,53327327
A Vow Of Hate,"""An all-new standalone hate-to-love, arranged marriage romance with a TWIST from Lylah James.""“Once upon a time…”Hate consumed him.Love wrecked me.That night changed both our lives, turning our beginning into something toxic. We were poison together and there was no antidote.Our story began like any other fairy tale ended.With a beautiful wedding.One kiss.Two rings.Three vows.Killian Spencer became my lawfully wedded husband and I, his dutiful wife.But he was no Prince Charming. He didn’t come to save me… and he vowed there would be no happily ever after.And me?Just like the legends I'd read as a little girl, I always thought I’d be the princess in my fairy tale.Well, I was the villain of our love story.“Till death do us part…”","January 22, 2021",20638,2660,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Fantasy', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/56037021,56037021
Corrupt," Erika I was told that dreams were our heart’s desires. My nightmares, however, became my obsession. His name is Michael Crist. My boyfriend’s older brother is like that scary movie that you peek through your hand to watch. He is handsome, strong, and completely terrifying. The star of his college’s basketball team and now gone pro, he’s more concerned with the dirt on his shoe than me. But I noticed him.I saw him. I heard him. The things that he did, and the deeds that he hid…For years, I bit my nails, unable to look away. Now, I’ve graduated high school and moved on to college, but I haven’t stopped watching Michael. He’s bad, and the dirt I’ve seen isn’t content to stay in my head anymore. Because he’s finally noticed me. MichaelHer name is Erika Fane, but everyone calls her Rika.My brother’s girlfriend grew up hanging around my house and is always at our dinner table. She looks down when I enter a room and stills when I am close. I can always feel the fear rolling off of her, and while I haven’t had her body, I know that I have her mind. That’s all I really want anyway. Until my brother leaves for the military, and I find Rika alone at college. In my city. Unprotected. The opportunity is too good to be true as well as the timing. Because you see, three years ago she put a few of my high school friends in prison, and now they’re out. We’ve waited. We’ve been patient. And now every last one of her nightmares will come true. ***Corrupt can be read as a stand-alone. No cliffhanger.","November 15, 2015",205020,20649,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'College', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21981841,21981841
The Devil Wears Black,"From USA Today bestselling author L. J. Shen comes a second-chance romance about love, loss, finding yourself, and getting lost in the right person.Maddie Goldbloom stitched up a plan to ensure everything in her life was perfect—from a career in fashion to a chic NYC apartment to a pediatrician boyfriend.When her ex, Chase Black, storms back into her life with an outrageous request, her immediate reaction is to refuse him. But he only wants to fulfill his father’s last wish. So even though he’s the man who broke her heart, playing his fiancée shouldn’t be hard, especially if it means she gets to watch the arrogant devil squirm a bit.What ensues is a chain of events that detonates Maddie’s life—and when Chase’s walls come down, they both are forced to face reality.They say keep your enemies close. But what if your enemy is also the man you love?","March 9, 2021",46371,4126,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Chick Lit', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50724052,50724052
The Invitation,"A new, sexy standalone from #1 New York Times Bestseller, Vi Keeland.The first time I met Hudson Rothschild was at a wedding. I'd received an unexpected invitation to one of the swankiest venues in the city.Hudson was a groomsman and quite possibly the most gorgeous man I'd ever laid eyes on. He asked me to dance, and our chemistry was off the charts.I knew it wasn't a good idea to get involved with him, considering the wedding I was at. But our connection was intense, and I was having a great time.Though the fun came to a screeching halt when Hudson figured out I wasn't who I'd said I was. You see, that unexpected invitation I received? Well, it hadn't actually been addressed to me—it was sent to my ex-roommate who'd bounced a check for two months' rent and moved out in the middle of the night. I figured she owed me an expensive night out, but I guess, technically, I was crashing the wedding.Once caught, I couldn't get out of there fast enough. As I bolted for the door, I might've plucked a few bottles of expensive champagne off the tables I passed, all while the gorgeous, angry groomsman was hot on my tail.Outside, I jumped into a taxi. My heart ricocheted against my ribs as we drove down the block—but at least I'd escaped unscathed.Or so I thought.Until I realized I'd left my cell phone behind at the table.Take one guess who found it?This is the crazy story of how Hudson Rothschild and I met. But trust me, it's only the tip of the iceberg.","January 16, 2021",34772,3522,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Fiction', 'Audiobook']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/56692458,56692458
Gavriil," I’ve been sold to a mobster, and he wants me to carry his baby.  My brother owed too much to the wrong kind of people. They beat him senseless and took me to satisfy his debt.  Now, my body belongs to the most feared man in the entire city. Gavriil Stepanov.  His name alone sends fear coursing through my veins. Gavriil’s cruelty is legendary, as is his insatiable sexual appetite.  Obeying him is torture. But one wrong move and he’ll gut me like a fish.  I’m forced to let him take me how he wants: raw and endless. At first, he is as savage and icy as his reputation suggests. But when I discover he’s left a baby in my belly, everything changes.  I’m no longer just a mobster’s toy. Now, I’m about to be his WIFE.  
GAVRIIL features a powerful mafia don who hides his heart behind a steel cage of dominance and violence, and the woman he buys and impregnates who forces him to reconsider everything he's ever known. It is a full-length standalone romance. Be careful: it contains violence, sex, manipulation, trafficking, and a forced wedding.
","Published January 30, 2019",1109,89,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Erotica']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43801676,43801676
Taken as Collateral,"I took her because I needed a hostage. I kept her because I wanted her.Francesca Alessandro was just meant to be collateral, held captive as a warning to her father, but then she tried to fight me. She ended up sore and soaked as I taught her a lesson with my belt and then screaming with every savage climax as I taught her to obey in a much more shameful way.She's mine now. Mine to keep. Mine to protect. Mine to use as hard and as often as I please.Publisher's Note: Taken as Collateral is a stand-alone novel which is the second entry in the Mafia Masters series. It includes spankings and sexual scenes. If such material offends you, please don't buy this book.","September 26, 2019",868,81,"['Romance', 'BDSM', 'Dark', 'Crime', 'Erotica']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49636211,49636211
Playing with Fire,"A broken boy on the path to destruction. A scarred girl without direction. A love story carved in secrets, inked with pain and sealed with a lie. Grace Shaw and West St. Claire are arctic opposites.She is the strange girl from the food truck.He is the mysterious underground fighter who stormed into her sleepy Texan college town on his motorcycle one day, and has been wreaking havoc since.She is invisible to the world.He is the town’s beloved bad boy.She is a reject.He is trouble.When West thrusts himself into Grace’s quiet life, she scrambles to figure out if he is her happily-ever-after or tragic ending.But the harder she pushes him away, the more he pulls her out of her shell.Grace doesn’t know much about anything beyond her town’s limits, but she does know this:She is falling in love with the hottest guy in Sheridan U.And when you play with fire—you ought to get burned.","November 7, 2020",39806,4039,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'College', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Sports', 'Sports Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48854978,48854978
Twisted Bonds,"Can you ever truly leave the past behind in a house full of haunted souls?  Kiara always wanted a loving family she could take care of. She never thought she’d find it with the Falcones. Nino and Kiara both lost part of themselves in their traumatic childhood. Together they’re trying to recover the missing pieces, but they aren’t the only broken souls in the Falcone mansion; Kiara fears that not all of them can be saved. Determined to protect her new family and the future of her dreams, she’s on a mission to help each of them in her own way, even if it means stacking up secrets.  Four brothers bound together by an unbreakable bond forged in their dark past. If one of them falls, will they all?","August 25, 2019",25469,2185,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Crime']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52673459,52673459
Twisted Pride,"Remo Falcone is beyond redemption. As Capo of the Camorra he rules with a brutal hand over his territory – a territory the Chicago Outfit breached. Now Remo is out for retribution. A wedding is sacred, stealing a bride sacrilegious. Serafina is the niece of the Boss of the Outfit, and her hand has been promised in marriage for years, but kidnapped in her wedding dress on her way to church by Remo, Serafina quickly realizes that she can’t hope for saving. Yet, even in the hands of the cruelest man she knows, she is determined to cling to her pride, and Remo soon understands that the woman at his mercy might not be as easy to break as he thought. A ruthless man on a quest to destroy the Outfit by breaking someone they are supposed to protect. A woman intent on bringing a monster to his knees. Two families that will never be the same.","April 12, 2019",36353,3409,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Crime']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43721791,43721791
Twisted Emotions,"Nino Falcone is genius and monster. As the right hand man and brother of the Capo of the Camorra, his lack of feelings is a blessing, not a curse – until his brother asks him to marry for the sake of the Camorra. Kiara Vitiello, cousin of the Capo of the New York Famiglia, is chosen to marry Nino Falcone to prevent war with the Camorra, but what she hears about Las Vegas makes her veins pulse with terror. After her father betrayed his Capo and paid with his life, her family thinks marriage is her only chance to bring honor to her name; but only Kiara knows she’s a faulty prize given in return for peace. A man incapable of emotions and a woman scarred by the past – an arranged marriage with the potential to unite, or destroy…","January 8, 2019",42150,4019,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Crime']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43227562,43227562
Beautifully Cruel,"Alpha (noun): 1) Having the highest rank in a dominance hierarchy 2) The most powerful man in a group 3) Liam Black  He was a stranger to me, a dark and dangerous presence who materialized from the shadows one rainy night to save me from a vicious attack. I didn’t know his name or where he was from. All I knew was that the only place I’d ever felt safe was in his arms.  But safety is an illusion. And not every savior is a hero. And—as I’d soon find out—having an alpha save your life comes with a price.  Liam Black wanted something from me in return. ","May 15, 2020",40514,3585,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Dark', 'Adult', 'Erotica', 'Crime']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48662527,48662527
Straight Up Love,"From New York Times bestselling author Lexi Ryan comes a sexy new standalone romance about a woman who’d do anything to have a baby and the man who’d do anything to have her…For my 30th birthday, I’m giving myself the one thing I want most: a baby. Sure, this would be easier if I had a husband—or even a boyfriend—but I refuse to be thwarted by minor details.When I drunkenly confess my plans to my friends, they convince me to ask Jake Jackson for help. Jake, the best friend who’s been there for me through thick and thin. Jake, who also happens to be smart, funny, ridiculously good looking, and the winner of all the genetic lotteries.So when Jake takes me up on my request—with the stipulation that we get the job done the old-fashioned way—I’d be a fool to decline.The only problem? I don’t know if I can separate sex from all the things I feel for this amazing man. If I can’t keep my heart under lock and key, I risk losing the relationship I need the most.Jake has his own reasons for granting my baby wish. But when I discover his secrets, it could mean the end of us. I have to choose—run or stay and fight for love.Fall for the Boys of Jackson Harbor in Lexi Ryan’s sexy new contemporary romance series. These books can all be read as standalones, but you’ll enjoy reading them as a series!","May 8, 2018",5592,421,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'New Adult', 'Fiction', 'Erotica']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38601481,38601481
The Wrong Kind of Love,"From New York Times bestseller Lexi Ryan comes a sexy new romance novel about a runaway bride, a single dad who’s sworn off love, and the kind of family secrets that can threaten to break even the deepest bonds.You never forget your wedding day. Or the moment your twin sister pukes on your bouquet and confesses she’s pregnant... with your fiancé’s baby.I wanted to get away, to hide until my heart mended. I found myself in a strange town with a mysterious stranger whose talented mouth and hands almost made me forget it was supposed to be my wedding night.Afraid to go home to face my broken life, I pretend to be my twin so I can take her job in Jackson Harbor caring for a six-year-old girl. Imagine my surprise when I find out my new boss is my mysterious stranger — Dr. Ethan Jackson.I never meant for Ethan to discover my secrets. I never meant for them to matter. But the longer I work with him and his sweet daughter, the harder I fall, and the clearer it becomes that I’m not the only one carrying a secret that could tear us apart.Get ready to fall for the boys of Jackson Harbor in Lexi Ryan’s sexy new contemporary romance series. These books can all be read as standalones, but you’ll enjoy reading them as a series!","February 12, 2018",12028,999,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Fiction', 'Doctors']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36978559,36978559
If It's Only Love,"From New York Times bestseller Lexi Ryan comes a sexy new standalone romance in the bestselling Boys of Jackson Harbor series. Meet single dad Easton Connor as he leaves the NFL and returns to Jackson Harbor to fight for another chance with the love of his life.***I don’t regret much. Not my decision to enter the NFL draft before finishing college. Not fighting custody of my daughter—even if, biologically speaking, it turns out she’s not mine. And certainly not seducing my buddy’s little sister ten years ago. But when it comes to Shayleigh Jackson, my no-regrets attitude stops there. I screwed up royally where she’s concerned. Then I made another mistake when I let her shut me out of her life. Now after more than a decade living in different time zones, I’m coming home to Jackson Harbor. My first priority is getting my daughter away from the media circus in LA, but the moment I see Shay, I know I’ll stop at nothing to win her back.So what if she won’t speak to me? So what if she’s changed? So what if she’s fallen for some douchebag professor? I’ve never gotten over her and I know she feels the same about me. I’ve let her go twice. I won’t make that mistake again.If It's Only Love and all other books in this series can be read as standalones, but you'll enjoy reading them together.The Boys of Jackson Harbor1 - The Wrong Kind of Love (Ethan’s story)2 - Straight Up Love (Jake’s story)3 - Dirty, Reckless Love (Levi’s story)4 - Wrapped in Love (Brayden’s story)5 - Crazy for Your Love (Carter’s story)6 - If It’s Only Love (Shay’s story)","September 10, 2019",5351,479,"['Romance', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Sports', 'Sports Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44804883,44804883
The Gift,"Keep your friends close, and your enemies in your bed...ANDRIUSI’m the man they all fear. King of the murky world in which I live.A Bratva hitman with no mercy.Then she comes along, courtesy of a mob boss with no morals. She’s given to me.A gift...mine.To own, to keep. To do with as I please.With blonde hair, and violet eyes, and an innocence begging to be tarnished, she torments me.But she's so much more than a temptation sent to ruin me.More than I ever imagined.As our secrets unravel, I vow to get to the bottom of this...This beautiful, mysterious, and broken gift.Because now she belongs to me.VIOLETI was taken, the innocent waitress they thought nobody would miss.Then I was given to him...a cold-blooded, unforgiving hitman.With sexy eyes and an irresistible body.But he doesn't know who I am.He doesn't know what secrets I hide.Getting involved with him could be deadly, but can I resist?Reading order of the Bratva Vows series:The Trap: Free PrequelThe Gift: Book OneThe Hit: Book TwoPlease note this is a dark romantic suspense and therefore trigger warnings apply!","January 28, 2019",1580,175,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Crime', 'Adult', 'Novella', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43784216,43784216
The Sweetest Oblivion,"She’s a romantic at heart, living in the most unromantic of worlds... Nicknamed Sweet Abelli for her docile nature, Elena smiles on cue and has a charming response for everything. She’s the favored daughter, the perfect mafia principessa... or was. Now, all she can see in the mirror’s reflection is blood staining her hands like crimson paint. They say first impressions are everything...In the murky waters of New York’s underworld, Elena’s sister is arranged to marry Nicolas Russo. A Made Man, a boss, a cheat—even measured against mafia standards. His reputation stretches far and wide and is darker than his black suits and ties. After his and Elena’s first encounter ends with an accidental glare on her part, she realizes he’s just as rude as he is handsome. She doesn’t like the man or anything he stands for, though that doesn’t stop her heart from pattering like rain against glass when he’s near, nor the shiver that ghosts down her spine at the sound of his voice. And he’s always near. Telling her what to do. Making her feel hotter than any future brother-in-law should. Elena may be the Sweet Abelli on the outside, but she’s beginning to learn she has a taste for the darkness, for rough hands, cigarettes, and whiskey-colored eyes. Having already escaped one scandal, however, she can hardly afford to be swept up in another. Besides, even if he were hers, everyone knows you don’t fall in love with a Made Man... Right?","June 20, 2018",212331,18372,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Dark', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39083635,39083635
Fragile Longing,"Sofia knows how it feels to be the consolation prize.Too young.Not blond.And definitely not an ice princess.Her sister is—was all those things. Perfection. Until she wasn’t. Until she ran off to be with the enemy and left her fiancé behind.Now Sofia is given to Danilo in her sister’s stead, knowing she’ll never be more than second best. Yet, she can’t stop longing for the love of the man she’s been crushing on even when he was still her sister’s.Danilo is a man who’s used to getting what he wants.Power.Respect.The sought-after ice princess.Until another man steals his bride-to-be. Danilo knows that for a man in his position losing his woman can lead to a loss of face.Wounded pride.Thirst for revenge.A dangerous combination—one Danilo can’t leave behind, not even when a girl just as precious takes her sister’s place to placate him. Yet, she’s got one flaw: she’s not her sister.Unable to forget what he’s lost, Danilo might lose what he’s been given.","September 30, 2020",15596,1843,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Dark', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult', 'Crime']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51072371,51072371
Bound by Hatred,"An Enemies-To-Lovers RomanceWhen Gianna watches her older sister being forced into an arranged marriage, she promises herself to escape a similar fate.The moment Matteo – The Blade – Vitiello sees Gianna on his brother’s wedding, he wants to possess her. Her father agrees to the bond, but Gianna has no intention of marrying for any other reason than love. A few months before the wedding, Gianna runs away and begins a new life in Europe away from the mafia. But one of their best hunters and assassins is after her: Matteo. When Matteo and a couple of her father’s soldiers catch her, not only her freedom is at risk, but also the life of the people with her. Gianna is taken home and forced to marry Matteo. Ridden by guilt over having dragged innocent people into her world and overcome with hatred toward Matteo, Gianna is determined to make life hell for her husband. But Matteo is a master at mind games and their struggle for power soon turns into hate-fueled nights of passion.","April 28, 2015",54835,4348,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Crime', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52003821,52003821
The Woman at the Docks,"You didn’t have to be in the criminal underbelly to understand one fundamental rule: You don’t mess with the mafia.But what other choice did I have?* This book has some dark themes but is not a ""dark"" mafia book.","Published June 25, 2020",1764,189,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Suspense', 'Romantic Suspense', 'M F Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54272746,54272746
Bound," Our wedding was fake, but my moans were real.  
SAMANTHA
 I should have known better than to go out that night.  My worst fears come to life when an enforcer for the Sokolov Mafia corners me to collect on my dad’s gambling debt. He shoves his hand between my legs and tells me what I can do to work off what my father owes.  It’s sick. It’s wrong. But I don’t have a choice. One wrong move and Trent will chop my whole family into pieces.  So I take the deal. That’s how I became a mobster’s wife.  
TRENT
 I needed a fake wife. And this pretty little thing with fear in her eyes is the perfect choice.  She knows what I’ll do if she doesn’t follow through. Other men might feel bad for blackmailing her… But I’m not other men – I’m the most feared enforcer in the city.  Marrying her was wrong. And what I did to her on our wedding night was far, far worse.  In my defense, I never intended for this to last. But before long, the innocent little toy becomes something more than just a means to an end. And I decide one thing for certain:  I’m never, ever letting her go.  
BOUND is a fake marriage romance about a mob enforcer and the women he blackmails into pretending to be his wife. Their relationship is dark and dominant, and the story of their romance involves strong language, graphic violence, and scenes of physical intimacy.
","Published February 27, 2019",415,40,['Romance'],https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44161536,44161536
The Truth About Forever,"That's what Macy has to look forward to while her boyfriend, Jason, is away at Brain Camp. Days will be spent at a boring job in the library, evenings will be filled with vocabulary drills for the SATs, and spare time will be passed with her mother, the two of them sharing a silent grief at the traumatic loss of Macy's father.But sometimes, unexpected things can happen—things such as the catering job at Wish, with its fun-loving, chaotic crew. Or her sister's project of renovating the neglected beach house, awakening long-buried memories. Things such as meeting Wes, a boy with a past, a taste for Truth-telling, and an amazing artistic talent, the kind of boy who could turn any girl's world upside down. As Macy ventures out of her shell, she begins to question her sheltered life.","May 11, 2004",221304,8898,"['Young Adult', 'Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Fiction', 'Chick Lit', 'Realistic Fiction', 'Teen']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51737,51737
The Summer I Turned Pretty,"Belly measures her life in summers. Everything good, everything magical happens between the months of June and August. Winters are simply a time to count the weeks until the next summer, a place away from the beach house, away from Susannah, and most importantly, away from Jeremiah and Conrad. They are the boys that Belly has known since her very first summer—they have been her brother figures, her crushes, and everything in between. But one summer, one terrible and wonderful summer, the more everything changes, the more it all ends up just the way it should have been all along.","May 5, 2009",661060,57613,"['Romance', 'Young Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Fiction', 'Audiobook', 'Chick Lit', 'Realistic Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5821978,5821978
My Life Next Door,"A gorgeous debut about family, friendship, first romance, and how to be true to one person you love without betraying another“One thing my mother never knew, and would disapprove of most of all, was that I watched the Garretts. All the time.”The Garretts are everything the Reeds are not. Loud, numerous, messy, affectionate. And every day from her balcony perch, seventeen-year-old Samantha Reed wishes she was one of them . . . until one summer evening, Jase Garrett climbs her terrace and changes everything. As the two fall fiercely in love, Jase's family makes Samantha one of their own. Then in an instant, the bottom drops out of her world and she is suddenly faced with an impossible decision. Which perfect family will save her? Or is it time she saved herself?A dreamy summer read, full of characters who stay with you long after the story is over.","June 14, 2012",150597,10400,"['Romance', 'Young Adult', 'Contemporary', 'Fiction', 'Young Adult Contemporary', 'Chick Lit', 'Realistic Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12294652,12294652
Perfect Chemistry,"Jeden anderen hätte Brittany Ellis, wohlbehütete Beauty Queen und unangefochtene Nr. 1 an der Schule, lieber als Chemiepartner gehabt als Alex Fuentes, den zugegebenermaßen attraktiven Leader einer Gang. Und auch Alex weiß: eine explosivere Mischung als ihn und die reiche »Miss Perfecta« kann es kaum geben. Dennoch wettet er mit seinen Freunden: Binnen 14 Tagen wird es ihm gelingen, die schöne Brittany zu verführen. Womit keiner gerechnet hat: Dass aus dem gefährlichen Spiel alsbald gefährlicher Ernst wird, denn Brittany und Alex verlieben sich mit Haut und Haaren ineinander. Das aber kann die Gang, der Alex angehört, nicht zulassen …","December 23, 2008",258209,11531,"['Romance', 'Young Adult', 'Contemporary', 'High School', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Fiction', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4268157,4268157
Sinful Fling,"My best friend’s little sister.That’s all I’m supposed to see when I look at Olivia.I may be wealthy, but I’m not good enough for her. Her brother and I have been best friends for years, and he doesn’t want me so much as glancing in her direction. I can’t blame him -- not when I’ve screwed every girl in a fifty-mile radius.But she’s another matter. I’ve caught the little glances she’s been sending my way for years, but now?This kid sister is all grown up… and she’s in the bedroom next to mine. We’re both on the Morgan estate for our own reasons; she’s got ambitions, I’ve got secrets in my past.She’s my full-blown obsession. I wonder how she’d moan if I took her roughly, how her innocent passion would make me feel alive. I think about how she’d sound when she breathlessly whispered my name.There’s a past between us. I may not care about my past or hers...But with so much history, can we make it work?","October 22, 2019",936,169,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Erotica', 'Amazon', 'Love', 'New Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55690970,55690970
The Risk,"THE RISK takes you back to the world of hot hockey players, feisty heroines, bro banter, and steamy scenes... Everyone says I’m a bad girl. They’re only partly right—I don’t let fear rule me, and I certainly don’t care what people think. But I draw the line at sleeping with the enemy. As the daughter of Briar’s head hockey coach, I’d be vilified if I hooked up with a player from a rival team.And that’s who Jake Connelly is. Harvard’s star forward is arrogant, annoying, and too attractive for his own good. But fate is cruel—I require his help to secure a much-coveted internship, and the sexy jerk isn’t making it easy for me.I need Connelly to be my fake boyfriend.For every fake date…he wants a real one.Which means this bad girl is in big trouble. Nothing good can come from sneaking around with Jake Connelly. My father would kill me, my friends will revolt, and my post-college career is on the line. But while it’s getting harder and harder to resist Jake’s oozing sex appeal and cocky grin, I refuse to fall for him.That’s the one risk I’m not willing to take.","February 18, 2019",120306,9079,"['Romance', 'Sports Romance', 'Sports', 'New Adult', 'College', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41032121,41032121
It Ends with Us,"Sometimes it is the one who loves you who hurts you the most.Lily hasn’t always had it easy, but that’s never stopped her from working hard for the life she wants. She’s come a long way from the small town in Maine where she grew up — she graduated from college, moved to Boston, and started her own business. So when she feels a spark with a gorgeous neurosurgeon named Ryle Kincaid, everything in Lily’s life suddenly seems almost too good to be true.Ryle is assertive, stubborn, maybe even a little arrogant. He’s also sensitive, brilliant, and has a total soft spot for Lily. And the way he looks in scrubs certainly doesn’t hurt. Lily can’t get him out of her head. But Ryle’s complete aversion to relationships is disturbing. Even as Lily finds herself becoming the exception to his “no dating” rule, she can’t help but wonder what made him that way in the first place.As questions about her new relationship overwhelm her, so do thoughts of Atlas Corrigan — her first love and a link to the past she left behind. He was her kindred spirit, her protector. When Atlas suddenly reappears, everything Lily has built with Ryle is threatened.","August 2, 2016",2826138,226832,"['Romance', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Audiobook', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Adult']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27362503,27362503
Pretty Reckless,"Penn Scully has had four years to stew on what Daria Followhill did to him, and now his heart is completely iced over.He took her first kiss, and she took away the only person he ever loved.He asked her to save the rest of her firsts for him, and she walked all over his heart in stiletto heels and left it bleeding out on a bright summer day.Now, everything has changed.When circumstances leave Penn homeless in his senior year, the Followhills take him in as their latest shiny project. That means, for the time being, he's Daria's housemate, living right across the hall.And once he sees her again, he's determined to make this spoiled princess pay for ruining the only good thing in his life.But Daria is used to being misunderstood. Being slammed for every snarky comment, cynical eye roll, and foot she puts in the way of the people who hurt her.Being the girl everyone wants to see cry, and keeping her tears hidden. Penn wanted her firsts, but she wants to be his last everything.The problem is, once they see past each other's cutting barbs and wounded hearts, the truths they uncover might just start something new altogether.","April 21, 2019",66005,6454,"['Romance', 'New Adult', 'High School', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Young Adult', 'Sports']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39709060,39709060
The Kiss Thief,"They say your first kiss should be earned.  Mine was stolen by a devil in a masquerade mask under the black Chicago sky.  They say the vows you take on your wedding day are sacred.  Mine were broken before we left church.  They say your heart only beats for one man.  Mine split and bled for two rivals who fought for it until the bitter end.  I was promised to Angelo Bandini, the heir to one of the most powerful families in the Chicago Outfit.  Then taken by Senator Wolfe Keaton, who held my father’s sins over his head to force me into marriage.  They say that all great love stories have a happy ending.  I, Francesca Rossi, found myself erasing and rewriting mine until the very last chapter.  One kiss. Two men. Three lives. Entwined together.  And somewhere between these two men, I had to find my forever.","January 6, 2019",93047,9510,"['Romance', 'Contemporary', 'New Adult', 'Contemporary Romance', 'Dark', 'Adult', 'Fiction']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41450662,41450662
Sparrow,"Troy BrennanEvery southie in Boston knows that name. The son of a dead mobster. The heart throb with steel blue eyes. ""The Fixer"" who can make or break you in this city. Oh, and my new husband. Sparrow RaynesThat's me. No one seemed to remember my name up until he barged into my life. But then he caged me.Kidnapped me.And killed every chance I had to runaway from the place where we grew up.Put simply, Troy Brennan clipped my wings.I have dreams, big ones, but I doubt he'd ever let me chase them. I have no idea why he'd decided to take me as his wife. But I do know this: pissing off this man will not do me any good. At all.Sparrow is a standalone, full-length novel. It contains graphic violence and adult situations some may find offensive.","March 1, 2016",52039,4765,"['Romance', 'Dark', 'Contemporary', 'Contemporary Romance', 'New Adult', 'Adult', 'Crime']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27263454,27263454
Sweet Temptation,"An Arranged Marriage Standalone Mafia Romance.The first time Cassio met his fiancée, she called him ‘Sir’.After losing his wife, Cassio is left to take care of two small children while trying to establish his rule over Philadelphia. Now he needs a mother for his children, and someone who can warm his bed at night.But in a traditional world as his, choosing your wife is duty not pleasure.Rules have to be followed. Traditions heeded.That’s how he ends up with a woman—a girl barely of age. She might not be what he and his children need, but she’s wicked lovely and a sweet temptation he can’t resist.Giulia always knew she’d marry a man her father chose for her. Only she never expected to be given to someone much older.Suddenly she’s supposed to be a mother to two small children when she hasn’t even held a baby in her life.Giulia quickly realizes that Cassio isn’t interested in a relationship on equal footing. Her mother always warned her that men of power like Cassio don’t tolerate insolence; yet, tired of being treated as a nanny and clueless child-bride, Giulia decides to fight for her vision of a happy family.","March 10, 2020",61218,5599,"['Romance', 'Fiction', 'Marriage', 'Contemporary', 'Mystery', 'Dark', 'Love']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52226559,52226559
The Outsiders,"The Outsiders is about two weeks in the life of a 14-year-old boy. The novel tells the story of Ponyboy Curtis and his struggles with right and wrong in a society in which he believes that he is an outsider. According to Ponyboy, there are two kinds of people in the world: greasers and socs. A soc (short for ""social"") has money, can get away with just about anything, and has an attitude longer than a limousine. A greaser, on the other hand, always lives on the outside and needs to watch his back. Ponyboy is a greaser, and he's always been proud of it, even willing to rumble against a gang of socs for the sake of his fellow greasers--until one terrible night when his friend Johnny kills a soc. The murder gets under Ponyboy's skin, causing his bifurcated world to crumble and teaching him that pain feels the same whether a soc or a greaser.Librarian note: This record is for one of the three editions published with different covers and with ISBN 0-140-38572-X / 978-0-14-038572-4. The records are for the 1988 cover (this record), the 1995 cover, and the 2008 cover which is also the current in-print cover.","April 24, 1967",1260226,44372,"['Classics', 'Young Adult', 'Fiction', 'School', 'Read For School', 'Realistic Fiction', 'Coming Of Age']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/231804,231804
"Everything, Everything","My disease is as rare as it is famous. It’s a form of Severe Combined Immunodeficiency, but basically, I’m allergic to the world. I don’t leave my house, have not left my house in fifteen years. The only people I ever see are my mom and my nurse, Carla.But then one day, a moving truck arrives. New next door neighbors. I look out the window, and I see him. He’s tall, lean and wearing all black—black t-shirt, black jeans, black sneakers and a black knit cap that covers his hair completely. He catches me looking and stares at me. I stare right back. His name is Olly. I want to learn everything about him, and I do. I learn that he is funny and fierce. I learn that his eyes are Atlantic Ocean-blue and that his vice is stealing silverware. I learn that when I talk to him, my whole world opens up, and I feel myself starting to change—starting to want things. To want out of my bubble. To want everything, everything the world has to offer.Maybe we can’t predict the future, but we can predict some things. For example, I am certainly going to fall in love with Olly. It’s almost certainly going to be a disaster.","September 1, 2015",592382,47825,"['Young Adult', 'Romance', 'Contemporary', 'Fiction', 'Realistic Fiction', 'Audiobook', 'Young Adult Contemporary']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18692431,18692431
Wonder,"I won’t describe what I look like. Whatever you’re thinking, it’s probably worse. August Pullman was born with a facial difference that, up until now, has prevented him from going to a mainstream school. Starting 5th grade at Beecher Prep, he wants nothing more than to be treated as an ordinary kid—but his new classmates can’t get past Auggie’s extraordinary face. Wonder, begins from Auggie’s point of view, but soon switches to include his classmates, his sister, her boyfriend, and others.","February 14, 2012",1041938,74648,"['Young Adult', 'Fiction', 'Middle Grade', 'Contemporary', 'Realistic Fiction', 'Childrens', 'School']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11387515,11387515
The Giver,"At the age of twelve, Jonas, a young boy from a seemingly utopian, futuristic world, is singled out to receive special training from The Giver, who alone holds the memories of the true joys and pain of life.","April 26, 1993",2346135,76656,"['Young Adult', 'Fiction', 'Classics', 'Dystopia', 'Science Fiction', 'Fantasy', 'School']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3636,3636
The Diary of a Young Girl,"Discovered in the attic in which she spent the last years of her life, Anne Frank’s remarkable diary has become a world classic—a powerful reminder of the horrors of war and an eloquent testament to the human spirit. In 1942, with the Nazis occupying Holland, a thirteen-year-old Jewish girl and her family fled their home in Amsterdam and went into hiding. For the next two years, until their whereabouts were betrayed to the Gestapo, the Franks and another family lived cloistered in the “Secret Annexe” of an old office building. Cut off from the outside world, they faced hunger, boredom, the constant cruelties of living in confined quarters, and the ever-present threat of discovery and death. In her diary Anne Frank recorded vivid impressions of her experiences during this period. By turns thoughtful, moving, and surprisingly humorous, her account offers a fascinating commentary on human courage and frailty and a compelling self-portrait of a sensitive and spirited young woman whose promise was tragically cut short.--back cover","January 1, 1947",3560472,38915,"['Classics', 'History', 'Nonfiction', 'Biography', 'Memoir', 'Historical', 'Holocaust']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48855,48855
A Thousand Splendid Suns,"Mariam is only fifteen when she is sent to Kabul to marry the troubled and bitter Rasheed, who is thirty years her senior. Nearly two decades later, in a climate of growing unrest, tragedy strikes fifteen-year-old Laila, who must leave her home and join Mariam's unhappy household. Laila and Mariam are to find consolation in each other, their friendship to grow as deep as the bond between sisters, as strong as the ties between mother and daughter. With the passing of time comes Taliban rule over Afghanistan, the streets of Kabul loud with the sound of gunfire and bombs, life a desperate struggle against starvation, brutality and fear, the women's endurance tested beyond their worst imaginings. Yet love can move people to act in unexpected ways, lead them to overcome the most daunting obstacles with a startling heroism. In the end it is love that triumphs over death and destruction.""A Thousand Splendid Suns"" is a portrait of a wounded country and a story of family and friendship, of an unforgiving time, an unlikely bond, and an indestructible love.","May 1, 2007",1465856,72727,"['Fiction', 'Historical Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Historical', 'Novels', 'Classics', 'War']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/128029,128029
The Lightning Thief,"Alternate cover for this ISBN can be found herePercy Jackson is a good kid, but he can't seem to focus on his schoolwork or control his temper. And lately, being away at boarding school is only getting worse - Percy could have sworn his pre-algebra teacher turned into a monster and tried to kill him. When Percy's mom finds out, she knows it's time that he knew the truth about where he came from, and that he go to the one place he'll be safe. She sends Percy to Camp Half Blood, a summer camp for demigods (on Long Island), where he learns that the father he never knew is Poseidon, God of the Sea. Soon a mystery unfolds and together with his friends—one a satyr and the other the demigod daughter of Athena - Percy sets out on a quest across the United States to reach the gates of the Underworld (located in a recording studio in Hollywood) and prevent a catastrophic war between the gods.","July 28, 2005",2779985,88825,"['Fantasy', 'Young Adult', 'Mythology', 'Middle Grade', 'Adventure', 'Greek Mythology', 'Childrens']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28187,28187
The Alchemist,"Combining magic, mysticism, wisdom, and wonder into an inspiring tale of self-discovery, The Alchemist has become a modern classic, selling millions of copies around the world and transforming the lives of countless readers across generations.Paulo Coelho's masterpiece tells the mystical story of Santiago, an Andalusian shepherd boy who yearns to travel in search of a worldly treasure. His quest will lead him to riches far different—and far more satisfying—than he ever imagined. Santiago's journey teaches us about the essential wisdom of listening to our hearts, recognizing opportunity and learning to read the omens strewn along life's path, and, most importantly, following our dreams.","January 1, 1988",2882835,113374,"['Fiction', 'Classics', 'Fantasy', 'Philosophy', 'Novels', 'Spirituality', 'Self Help']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18144590,18144590
The Fault in Our Stars,"Despite the tumor-shrinking medical miracle that has bought her a few years, Hazel has never been anything but terminal, her final chapter inscribed upon diagnosis. But when a gorgeous plot twist named Augustus Waters suddenly appears at Cancer Kid Support Group, Hazel's story is about to be completely rewritten.Insightful, bold, irreverent, and raw, The Fault in Our Stars is award-winning author John Green's most ambitious and heartbreaking work yet, brilliantly exploring the funny, thrilling, and tragic business of being alive and in love.","January 10, 2012",4886851,175416,"['Young Adult', 'Romance', 'Fiction', 'Contemporary', 'Realistic Fiction', 'Teen', 'Coming Of Age']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11870085,11870085
The Kite Runner,"1970s Afghanistan: Twelve-year-old Amir is desperate to win the local kite-fighting tournament and his loyal friend Hassan promises to help him. But neither of the boys can foresee what would happen to Hassan that afternoon, an event that is to shatter their lives. After the Russians invade and the family is forced to flee to America, Amir realises that one day he must return to an Afghanistan under Taliban rule to find the one thing that his new world cannot grant him: redemption.","May 29, 2003",3019452,93684,"['Fiction', 'Historical Fiction', 'Classics', 'Contemporary', 'Novels', 'Historical', 'Literature']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/77203,77203
To Kill a Mockingbird,"The unforgettable novel of a childhood in a sleepy Southern town and the crisis of conscience that rocked it. ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" became both an instant bestseller and a critical success when it was first published in 1960. It went on to win the Pulitzer Prize in 1961 and was later made into an Academy Award-winning film, also a classic.Compassionate, dramatic, and deeply moving, ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" takes readers to the roots of human behavior - to innocence and experience, kindness and cruelty, love and hatred, humor and pathos. Now with over 18 million copies in print and translated into forty languages, this regional story by a young Alabama woman claims universal appeal. Harper Lee always considered her book to be a simple love story. Today it is regarded as a masterpiece of American literature.","July 11, 1960",5825313,112937,"['Classics', 'Fiction', 'Historical Fiction', 'School', 'Literature', 'Young Adult', 'Historical']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2657,2657
The Great Gatsby,"Alternate Cover Edition ISBN: 0743273567 (ISBN13: 9780743273565)The Great Gatsby, F. Scott Fitzgerald's third book, stands as the supreme achievement of his career. This exemplary novel of the Jazz Age has been acclaimed by generations of readers. The story of the fabulously wealthy Jay Gatsby and his love for the beautiful Daisy Buchanan, of lavish parties on Long Island at a time when The New York Times noted ""gin was the national drink and sex the national obsession,"" it is an exquisitely crafted tale of America in the 1920s.The Great Gatsby is one of the great classics of twentieth-century literature.(from the back cover)","April 10, 1925",4963076,98199,"['Classics', 'Fiction', 'School', 'Historical Fiction', 'Romance', 'Literature', 'Novels']",https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4671,4671
